Title: Science and Technology Lead - Next-Generation Compute Architectures
Company: Advanced Research + Invention Agency (ARIA)
Location: London, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/science-and-technology-lead-next-generation-compute-architectures-at-advanced-research-%2B-invention-agency-aria-4442933192
Posted: 2026-07-22
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is a technical leadership position within ARIA's Scaling Compute program, which fits Vineeth's background in Power Integrity and packaging. It involves significant technical engagement with research projects.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Science and Technology Lead - Next-Generation Compute Architectures
Advanced Research + Invention Agency (ARIA)  London, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Advanced Research + Invention Agency (ARIA) has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Department: Programmes

Location: London

Compensation: £70,000 - £105,000 / year

Description

Salary Levels: £70,000, £90,000, £105,000 (offers will be calibrated on benchmarked experience levels and assessment against our selection criteria)

Location: Kings X, London; Tues - Thurs (3 days) at HQ, Monday + Friday, anywhere

Employment Type: Full-time

Contract: Permanent

About ARIAARIA is a new R&D funding agency built to unlock technological breakthroughs that benefit everyone. We fund scientists and engineers to pursue research at the edge of the possible.

From climate change to AI, society faces enormous challenges and opportunities that can be uniquely addressed by science and technology. ARIA was created to activate the UK’s world-class R&D in new ways, so we can meet these head on.

Our success is shaped by one question: how will ARIA transform the lives of the UK’s future generations? Whether that’s a life-changing new technology or a burgeoning new industry, it should be obvious that ARIA played a catalytic role.

If you want to help make breakthroughs like these possible, come and build ARIA with us.

Learn more here.

Role Summary

As an ARIA Science and Technology Lead, you will have the rare chance to catalyse breakthroughs that could change the world. You'll sit alongside Programme Director Suraj Bramhavar and their Programme Specialist on ARIA's Scaling Compute programme (including the newly announced Scaling Inference Lab). You’ll be exposed to every aspect of the programme's technical management from design through approval, project selection, and delivery.

Your impact will extend beyond a single programme; you will play a key role in strengthening the wider Nature Computes Better opportunity space, with a deep, evolving understanding of programmes and projects over time. As Programme Directors join the opportunity space and new programmes are launched, you will surface insights that build on existing ARIA-funded technologies, accelerate discovery, and turn past lessons into future breakthroughs, maximising impact across the portfolio.

We’re looking for an adaptable technical professional who’s strongly motivated by the opportunity to catalyse a technological step change. You’ll be working in a bold, talented & agile team, funding projects (‘Creators’) across the entire R&D ecosystem, from startups to universities, in the pursuit of groundbreaking advancements that will shape the future of science & technology.

Meet Suraj Bramhavar

Suraj Bramhavar is an electrical engineer and member of ARIA’s first cohort of Programme Directors. His work focuses on how we can redefine the way computers process information to build dramatically more efficient computers. Suraj joined ARIA from Sync Computing, where he was co-founder and CTO. Prior to that he was a scientist at MIT Lincoln Laboratory and Intel Labs.

Suraj Bramhavar is leading an ARIA programme to reduce the cost of AI hardware by 1000x.

Find out more about what they’re working on here.

“I am looking for someone to be a true thought partner in defining a roadmap for future AI systems. This role will help identify innovative technologies (both inside or outside our existing portfolio), estimate when/how they can be reasonably inserted in working systems, and figure out how ARIA’s programmes can facilitate it all. In addition to that, you will have a hand in identifying orthogonal opportunities to build research programmes within the Nature Computes Better Opportunity Space ”

Suraj Bramhavar, Programme Director

What You'll Do

The scope of the role will evolve as ARIA continues to grow, but will broadly involve the following:

Technical Programme Advisory and Support


Act as the technical lead, with the Programme Director and their Programme Specialist, to shape and deliver a bold programme of research aimed at reducing the cost of AI hardware by 1000x.
You will serve as the ‘first user’ of the technologies being developed within the programme.
Review project proposals, grant applications, assess technical milestones, and stay close to the ground on what’s being built and tested by Creator teams.
Plan, lead, and contribute to technical discussions in project meetings, workshops, and formal reviews, bringing depth, challenge, and direction to every interaction.
Provide evidence-based technical insight to the Programme Director and the ARIA team to support high-quality decisions and sharpen the programme’s strategic direction.
Confidently communicate complex scientific ideas surrounding the programme to stakeholders, from government and funders to key players across the ecosystem.
Identify emerging trends and surface the most promising technologies, people, and ideas across the programme and its surrounding opportunity space.
Co-author white papers, open calls, and technical reviews that articulate the ambition of the programme and set a clear, compelling vision for external communities.
Work closely with the Programme Specialist and Creator teams to drive project delivery, tracking against ambitious technical milestones, benchmarking progress against the state of the art, and spotting opportunities for research cross-pollination to sustain momentum.
Provide continuity to the opportunity space, and maintain a deep understanding of past and present programmes, and Creator projects, to help new Programme Directors build on what has worked, avoid what hasn’t, and leverage existing technologies and insights.


Connecting the Programme to the Ecosystem


Represent the programme, often on behalf of the Programme Director, at events, workshops and talks.
Support the broader opportunity space by identifying and developing innovative ways to expand it, bringing in new ideas, talent, and opportunities that deliver long-term value beyond the immediate needs of one programme.
Build trusted relationships with world-class researchers, labs, and founders working at the forefront of the programme’s focus area, as well as the broader opportunity space.
Work closely with ARIA’s Activation Partners to ensure Creator teams can access the right tools, platforms, and networks to accelerate translation and achieve impact beyond ARIA’s direct reach.


Define and Cultivate ARIA’s Technical Culture


Collaborate across ARIA on funding models, budgets, tooling, and operational mechanisms to support effective, flexible funding and programme delivery.
Contribute as a member of ARIA’s team of Science and Technology Leads, sharing best practices and learnings between programmes to strengthen ARIA’s overall portfolio of work.
Identify opportunities to expand the opportunity space and build the connective tissue between adjacent spaces.
Help build and sustain ARIA’s scientific and operational culture.


Who You Are

Essential Criteria


A first-principles understanding of physics, mathematics, or hardware constraints that govern modern computing, with the ability to quickly generalise this knowledge to unfamiliar AI architectures.
You are familiar with a variety of programming languages/frameworks and have demonstrated proficiency with at least one. .
You have proven adept at learning new ideas/technologies extremely quickly, assessing their risks, and understanding how they may fit into or shift existing industries.
Ability to rigorously benchmark novel, unproven hardware concepts or academic papers against established baseline architectures
You can uncover non-obvious opportunities and risks, connecting teams, ideas, and research threads in novel ways that drive adoption and translation.
Highly adaptable, you are okay with uncertainty and a fast-paced environment.
You comprehend and articulate complex concepts clearly and with conviction, think and communicate with structure, and interrogate ideas effectively.


Desirable Criteria


You have hands-on experience with the modern AI software stack (PyTorch/JAX/ CUDA/Triton/etc).
You are proficient in profiling, debugging, or benchmarking software-hardware boundaries (e.g., tracking memory bandwidth bottle-necks, execution latency, or compute efficiency)
You have a solid understanding of modern AI architectures (e.g., Transformers, Diffusion Models, etc..). You can clearly articulate a view of existing system-level performance limitations for each.
You possess an understanding of the hardware technologies underpinning modern AI systems.
Familiarity with or research exposure to non-von Neumann architectures, such as in-memory computing, analogue acceleration, neuromorphic systems, or optical/photonic computing.
You have a strong working knowledge of the UK R&D ecosystem.


Qualifications

You have a Scientific qualification, with a preference for PhD or other deeper technical experience in one of the listed areas of interest, or similar; AI System Design, Computer Architecture, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Neuromorphic Computing, Applied Physics (with a focus on photonics or hardware materials), Distributed Systems, or Computational Mathematics

Benefits


27 days annual leave provision, with the option to buy/sell additional days
Hybrid working arrangements; 60% in office / 40% at home
Supportive environment for learning and development opportunities
Enhanced family leave arrangements
A free and confidential 24/7 employee assistance programme
2 days of paid volunteer days
5% defined contribution pension scheme with Smart Pension
Cycle to Work scheme
An excellent office location in Kings X, London


Not sure you meet 100% of our criteria? Don’t worry. If you believe that you could excel in this role, we encourage you to apply. We want to attract the broadest array of candidates, including those with diverse workplace experiences and backgrounds. Whether you’re new to this, returning to work after a gap in employment, simply looking to transition, or taking the next step in your career path, we will be glad to have you on our radar. Please use your cover letter to tell us about your interests and what you hope to bring to this role.

If you require any reasonable adjustments throughout the recruitment process, please notify us and we will make every effort to accommodate you. Disclosing any requests are intended to provide ARIA with the best opportunity to support candidates and will have no negative impact on your recruitment process.

Please note; You will be required, as and when necessary, to travel to different locations around the UK and internationally to support projects, depending on the Programme you are designated to.

ARIA adopts a highly considered approach to ethical and social responsibility. You can read our policy here. Our research and development activity will abide by the 3Rs principle. You can read about those here.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Sales and Business Development
Industries
Research Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Advanced Research + Invention Agency (ARIA) by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Lead Generation jobs in London, England, United Kingdom.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Performance Architect– Platform Architecture
Performance Architect– Platform Architecture
Apple
London, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
GPU Architect - Platform Architecture
GPU Architect - Platform Architecture
Apple
London, England, United Kingdom
2 months ago
Principal Engineer
Principal Engineer
CoreWeave
London, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
System Software Architect - OS and Kernel Direction
System Software Architect - OS and Kernel Direction
ByteDance
London, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
AI Infrastructure Lead Architect
AI Infrastructure Lead Architect
Accenture UK & Ireland
London, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
AI Infrastructure Principal Architect
AI Infrastructure Principal Architect
Accenture UK & Ireland
London, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Technical Lead (£110k-£140k + Equity) at NatureAlpha
Technical Lead (£110k-£140k + Equity) at NatureAlpha

Jack & Jill

London, England, United Kingdom
58 minutes ago
Client Technology - Engineering - Architecture
Client Technology - Engineering - Architecture

EY

London, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
AI Inference Engineer
AI Inference Engineer

Fuse Energy

London, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
AI Inference Engineer
AI Inference Engineer

Fuse Energy

Greater London, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
Head of Data Center Architecture
Head of Data Center Architecture

Verda

London, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Senior Principal Agentic Platforms Architect
Senior Principal Agentic Platforms Architect

Mastercard

London, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
Senior Technical Advisor, EMEA Customer Engineering
Senior Technical Advisor, EMEA Customer Engineering

Google

London, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Principal Researcher
Principal Researcher

MediaTek

London, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Solution Architect - GPU & HPC
Solution Architect - GPU & HPC

NexGen Cloud

London, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
Founding Engineer - ML Systems (up to £180k)
Founding Engineer - ML Systems (up to £180k)

Dex

London, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Similar Searches
Financial Sales Consultant jobs
3,186 open jobs
Development Researcher jobs
622 open jobs
Website Graphic Designer jobs
562 open jobs
Telesales Manager jobs
5,456 open jobs
Marketing And Business Development Coordinator jobs
1,046 open jobs
Director Clinical Development jobs
449 open jobs
Inside Account Executive jobs
6,347 open jobs
Chief Revenue Officer jobs
327 open jobs
Sales Operations Analyst jobs
4,761 open jobs
Clinical Audiologist jobs
821 open jobs
Field Marketing Representative jobs
6,149 open jobs
Derivatives Trader jobs
565 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Advanced Research + Invention Agency (ARIA)
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.