Title: Principal Hardware Performance Specialist
Company: Arm
Location: Cambridge, United Kingdom
URL: https://careers.arm.com/job/cambridge/principal-hardware-performance-specialist/33099/76037061504
Posted: 2026-06-15
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role aligns with Vineeth's expertise in hardware performance optimization and low-level system understanding, fitting within his domain of experience.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

This Website Uses Cookies
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work

Accept And Hide This Message
Skip to main content
Emerging Talent
PROGRAMS
Apprentices (UK)
Interns
Graduates
Explore Emerging Talent
INFORMATION
Get into Tech
Hiring Process
Parents and Teachers
FAQ
FAQ: Your Questions Answered
Want to know more about our programs, process or more?
Life at Arm
CULTURE
Benefits
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Learning and Development
Volunteering
Explore Life at Arm
Life at Arm
Learn about Life at Arm and how you can make an impact in our collaborative environment
Hiring Process
Explore our hiring process designed to discover and unleash your true potential.
Teams
Stories
Locations

Find jobs for

Location
Select Location
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Search
Account
MY JOB APPLICATIONS

Already applied?
Log in to view your existing applications.

Emerging Talent

For Apprentice, Intern or Graduate roles log in here:

Emerging Talent Login
Experienced Professionals

For all other roles log in here:

Experienced Professionals Login
Principal Hardware Performance Specialist
Job ID
2025-13361
Date posted
15/06/2026
Location
Cambridge, United Kingdom
Category
IT
Apply
Job Overview:

The Arm on Arm team is responsible for the move to Arm-based platforms for all the compute used at Arm in the delivery of our business, whether that is in our engineering compute clusters, enterprise workflows, or on colleagues laptops. We have the remit to do whatever is needed to make that migration happen, whether that's working with our partners in the supply chain across software vendors, hardware companies and cloud operators; ensuring our internal IT systems provide access to Arm-based compute, or helping individual teams within the company to migrate their specific use case to Arm. We also collaborate with our Business Units to ensure that what we have done is promoted publicly in support of our ecosystem partners.

We are looking for a team member to lead on performance optimisation, getting stuck in at low level to help ensure that workloads are making the most of the hardware they run on. This covers activities ranging from profiling on new Arm microarchitectures through supporting ISVs with tuning their code to delving into the Linux kernel where performance regressions are found. They will also be hands-on with our new compute platform at a low-level, developing and upstreaming new features.

Responsibilities:
Investigate and address internal engineering teams' reports of slower-than-expected tool execution.
Partner with third parties to help them understand why and where their code is underperforming, and provide advice on how to accelerate runtime.
Act as a point of reference for CPU and SoC product management, advising on future requirements based on experience with internal workloads.
Required Skills and Experience:
Demonstrated problem solving ability and commitment to driving issues through to resolution.
Wide (system to application level) programming expertise in a number of programming languages (particularly C).
Software optimisation techniques.
Experience of benchmarking to generate robust measurements of performance.
Solid understanding of performance optimisation libraries and tooling.
Appreciation of the software development lifecycle.
“Nice To Have” Skills and Experience:
Understanding of EDA landscape and ideally experience in using tools.
Knowledge of Neoverse micro-architectures!
Low-level system expertise (eg PCIe, UEFI, OpenBMC).
Linux Kernel internals.
Involvement in Open Source projects
In Return:

You will join a team at the heart of Arm's strategy with access to the latest silicon and deep links across the ecosystem. You’ll also have the opportunity to get involved in Arm's private cloud project, where we are driving a major change to the way that Arm runs on-prem infrastructure. The Engineering IT organisation is reinventing our approach to delivery, building on Arm's long heritage with Open Source software to become a team proud not just to operate but to develop and upstream code.

We have real ambition for what we can achieve and the right candidate will enjoy a central role in our objective: to build the future of compute, on Arm.

Accommodations at Arm

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com. To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working at Arm

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities at Arm

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Salary Range:
£126,200 - £170,800 per year
Apply
View Location

Our Hiring Process

Share this job:
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
Email
Life at Arm
Culture at Arm
Make an Impact

At Arm, collaboration drives progress. Our culture blends individual ownership with strong team alignment, where skilled people thrive in a fast-paced, supportive environment. Across our ecosystem, we value bold thinking and pushing boundaries because when teams are empowered and passionate, they deliver at scale.
Read more

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
This is Collective Progress

Arm drives progress by enabling bold ideas to emerge from a diverse, skilled, and inclusive workforce. We challenge convention and move fast, supported by active participation in ERGs, employee communities, DEI working groups, and the DEI Council, each built to fuel momentum and remove barriers.
Read more

Benefits at Arm
Benefits Designed for You

Arm moves fast because our people do. That’s why we offer high-impact benefits tailored to support those driving the future of computing, benefits that reflect and reward the ambition, skill, and energy of extraordinary teams solving complex challenges.
Read more

Jobs for You
Suggested jobs
Previously viewed jobs
Saved jobs
Principal Hardware Performance Specialist
Cambridge, United Kingdom
IT
Campus Recruiter (8-month fixed-term contract)
As a Campus Recruiter, you'll manage the end-to-end hiring process for early-career roles while collaborating with internal teams to ensure a seamless and inclusive candidate experience. You'll also support campus events to strengthen Arm's employer brand and talent engagement.
Austin, Texas
HR
Engineer /Senior Engineer (Verification)
Bengaluru, India
Hardware Engineering, Verification
Get Job Alerts

Can’t find the job you’re seeking? Register to be notified as soon as new jobs become available. Enter your email, select your preferred job category and/or location, then click Add to set your preferences and Subscribe to create your job alert.

Email

Interested In
Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.

Job Category
Select a Job Category
Administration
Applications Engineering
Architecture
Architecture - Architect, Surveyor and Cartographer
Architecture - Engineers
Design Engineering
Engineering Operations
Finance & Accounting
Graduate
Hardware Engineering
HR
IT
Legal
Machine Learning
Marketing & Communication
Operations
Product Management
Product Security
Program/Project Management
Quality
Research
Sales
Security
Segment Marketing
Software Engineering
Technical Writer
Verification

Location
Select Location
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Add
IT, Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
Remove

Confirm Email

By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy, and consent to receive email communication from Arm.

Subscribe

Join our Talent Community, Unlock Opportunities

Subscribe to receive Arm communications directly to your inbox. Stay connected to be the first to hear about updates from our community and exciting roles that align with your skills.

Join Now

Content
Careers
Emerging Talent
Life At Arm
DEI
Arm Stories
Teams
Events
Company
About Arm
Products
Markets
Newsroom
Leadership
Sustainability
Arm Education
More information
Contact Arm Careers
Sitemap
Already an Arm Employee?
Policies
Candidate Privacy Policy
Arm Careers Cookie Policy
Suppliers
Terms and Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Management
Subscription Center
Trademarks
Modern Slavery Statement
Glossary

Copyright © 1995-2026 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.

Candidate
FEEDBACK