Title: Staff  Engineer
Company: Arm
Location: Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://careers.arm.com/job/cambridge/staff-engineer/33099/97824249152
Posted: jul. 15, 2026
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role aligns with Vineeth's experience as a Staff Engineer in software engineering, specifically mentioning SoC verification and related skills, within a suitable location.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

This Website Uses Cookies
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work

Accept And Hide This Message
Skip to main content
Emerging Talent
PROGRAMS
Apprentices (UK)
Interns
Graduates
Explore Emerging Talent
INFORMATION
Get into Tech
Hiring Process
Parents and Teachers
FAQ
FAQ: Your Questions Answered
Want to know more about our programs, process or more?
Life at Arm
CULTURE
Benefits
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Learning and Development
Volunteering
Explore Life at Arm
Life at Arm
Learn about Life at Arm and how you can make an impact in our collaborative environment
Hiring Process
Explore our hiring process designed to discover and unleash your true potential.
Teams
Stories
Locations

Find jobs for

Location
Select Location
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Search
Account
MY JOB APPLICATIONS

Already applied?
Log in to view your existing applications.

Emerging Talent

For Apprentice, Intern or Graduate roles log in here:

Emerging Talent Login
Experienced Professionals

For all other roles log in here:

Experienced Professionals Login
Staff Engineer
Job ID 2026-17814
Date posted Jul. 15, 2026
Location Cambridge, United Kingdom
Category Software Engineering
Apply
The Role
Team
Impact
Benefits
Life at Arm
Job Description

Arm’s Solutions Engineering team builds subsystems and full SoC designs for a wide range of application segments, leveraging the latest IP from Arm and other vendors.We are seeking creative and enthusiastic SoC Verification Engineers to ensure that complex SoCs function correctly across integrated components such as CPUs, GPUs, DSPs, memory controllers, and interconnects.

You will play a key role in validating the complete system operation and ensuring seamless interaction between hardware and software layers to deliver high-quality silicon for our partners.

We welcome applications from candidates at various seniority levels.

Responsibilities:
Develop and execute test plans and verification methodologies for SoC-level designs.
Complete functional verification to the required quality standards and schedules.
Collaborate with project leads and management on planning, scheduling, and quality checkpoints.
Ensure progress and quality of SoC verification activities.
Work closely with teams across architecture, design, implementation, modelling, performance analysis, silicon validation, FPGA, and board development.
(For senior engineers) Mentor and guide junior verification engineers.
Required Skills and Experience:
Proven experience in embedded C/C++ based SoC verification environments.
Strong understanding of assembly language (preferably ARM).
Proficiency in hardware verification languages such as SystemVerilog, and scripting languages (Tcl, Perl, Python, etc.).
Hands-on experience in UVM, and at least one of formal verification, low power, or emulation.
Exposure to all verification stages:
Requirements collection
Methodology and test plan creation
Testbench development and test case implementation
Documentation and support
Practical experience verifying processor-based system designs.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to explain complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Nice to Have Skills and Experience:
Solid understanding of Arm system architectures.
Experience with power-aware design and Clock Domain Crossing (CDC) verification.
Familiarity with embedded OS, device drivers, and hardware/software integration.
Experience verifying subsystems and interfaces such as PCIe, LPDDR, HBM, UCIe, and Ethernet.
Experience in developing and deploying large SoCs on emulation or FPGA platforms.
In Return:Our 10x mindset guides how we engineer, collaborate, and grow. Understand what it means and how to reflect 10x in your work:https://careers.arm.com/en/10x-mindset

Please note that no relocation package is available for this role. If skilled worker sponsorship is required, Arm will meet costs associated with sponsorship for the employer only. All fees associated with the individual’s application e.g. visa application fee and Immigration Health Surcharge, will be the responsibility of the successful candidate.

Accommodations at Arm

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com. To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working at Arm

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities at Arm

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Salary Range:
£97,300 - £131,700 per year
Back to nav
Apply
View Location

Our Hiring Process

Share this job:
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
Email
Power the Future on Arm

Working in software engineering at Arm is about shaping a future of technology for which we don't yet have words. Our engineers lead innovation in physical IP, AI and machine learning, cloud architecture, automotive tech, and every aspect of computing that matters.

Spanning software's full spectrum, from compilers to AI-powered IoT and beyond, your code can enable virtually anything to be produced on silicon. Whether you're developing award-winning VR gaming or life-enhancing medical equipment, you can improve the lives of millions by being your brilliant self at Arm.

Back to nav
Drive change on Arm

At Arm, you'll influence 100% of the world's connected devices and all their applications. From healthcare and infrastructure to virtual reality, you'll affect nearly all industries worldwide, racing toward new milestones and achievements together.

Back to nav
Revolutionary Benefits
Health and Wellness

We create a safe space for you to nurture both your physical and mental wellbeing.

Work and Life Success

We empower people to experience life beyond the boundaries of standard work patterns.

Financial Rewards

We provide benefits beyond a competitive salary to reward our people for their dedication and contributions.

Development and Support

We foster professional and personal development, building a supportive community where everyone can thrive.

See All Rewards And Benefits
Back to nav
Life at Arm

Life in the office doesn’t get any better, especially when those offices are as sleek as ours and the people in them are innovative and supportive. Combine that with our focus on delivering as One Arm, and you’ll experience the kind of collaboration and togetherness that’s rare to find elsewhere. We share so much in common, not least a passion for progress, but we also celebrate each other's diversity.

Discover Life At Arm

Back to nav
Our Stories
Dekel's Story
Plamen's Story
Qin Liu's Story
Paula's Story
Get Job Alerts

Can’t find the job you’re seeking? Register to be notified as soon as new jobs become available. Enter your email, select your preferred job category and/or location, then click Add to set your preferences and Subscribe to create your job alert.

Email

Interested In
Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.

Job Category
Select a Job Category
Administration
Applications Engineering
Architecture
Architecture - Architect, Surveyor and Cartographer
Architecture - Engineers
Design Engineering
Engineering Operations
Finance & Accounting
Graduate
Hardware Engineering
HR
IT
Legal
Machine Learning
Marketing & Communication
Operations
Product Management
Product Security
Program/Project Management
Quality
Research
Sales
Security
Segment Marketing
Software Engineering
Technical Writer
Verification

Location
Select Location
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Add
Software Engineering, Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
Remove

Confirm Email

By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy, and consent to receive email communication from Arm.

Subscribe

Join our Talent Community, Unlock Opportunities

Subscribe to receive Arm communications directly to your inbox. Stay connected to be the first to hear about updates from our community and exciting roles that align with your skills.

Join Now

Content
Careers
Emerging Talent
Life At Arm
DEI
Arm Stories
Teams
Events
Company
About Arm
Products
Markets
Newsroom
Leadership
Sustainability
Arm Education
More information
Contact Arm Careers
Sitemap
Already an Arm Employee?
Policies
Candidate Privacy Policy
Arm Careers Cookie Policy
Suppliers
Terms and Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Management
Subscription Center
Trademarks
Modern Slavery Statement
Glossary

Copyright © 1995-2026 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.