Title: Staff Engineer
Company: Arm
Location: Bengaluru, India
URL: https://careers.arm.com/job/bengaluru/staff-engineer/47397/97771625200
Posted: 2026-07-14
Deadline: N/A
Reason: Matches technical domain of Power Integrity/Signal Integrity with ANSYS RedHawk experience, and leadership role.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

This Website Uses Cookies
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work

Accept And Hide This Message
Skip to main content
Emerging Talent
PROGRAMS
Apprentices (UK)
Interns
Graduates
Explore Emerging Talent
INFORMATION
Get into Tech
Hiring Process
Parents and Teachers
FAQ
FAQ: Your Questions Answered
Want to know more about our programs, process or more?
Life at Arm
CULTURE
Benefits
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Learning and Development
Volunteering
Explore Life at Arm
Life at Arm
Learn about Life at Arm and how you can make an impact in our collaborative environment
Hiring Process
Explore our hiring process designed to discover and unleash your true potential.
Teams
Stories
Locations

Find jobs for

Location
Select Location
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Search
Account
MY JOB APPLICATIONS

Already applied?
Log in to view your existing applications.

Emerging Talent

For Apprentice, Intern or Graduate roles log in here:

Emerging Talent Login
Experienced Professionals

For all other roles log in here:

Experienced Professionals Login
Staff Engineer
Job ID
2026-17736
Date posted
14/07/2026
Location
Bengaluru, India
Category
Architecture - Engineers
Apply

Job Title: Staff Engineer – Architecture Validation

Overview

The Architecture and Technology Group (ATG) at Arm is responsible for defining and developing the advanced technologies that shape the future of Arm’s architecture roadmap. As part of ATG, we specialize in delivering world-class secure CPU and system architectures, along with the supporting technologies that empower Arm’s ecosystem to build innovative and competitive products.

Within ATG, the Architecture Validation & Solutions Team ensures the quality, consistency, and integrity of Arm architecture specifications by validating architecture inputs such as architecture inputs, as well as the final published Arm Architecture deliverables. The team develops and maintains scalable validation frameworks, tooling, and automation to verify correctness across the entire specification generation pipeline, ensuring high-quality outputs for both internal and external consumers.

As a Staff Engineer, you will lead a part of the delivery of validation frameworks, tooling, and automation that ensure the quality of Arm architecture specifications. Partnering with architects, modeling teams, and tooling owners, you will drive scalable validation solutions across architecture inputs and final deliverables, shaping validation strategy and enabling high-quality architecture releases. You will mentor engineers, influence methodology and process improvements, and collaborate across architecture and modeling teams to ensure the quality of Arm architecture data, specifications, models, and published deliverables.

Key Responsibilities

Lead architecture validation and support integration across multiple architecture components.
Analyse Arm Architecture specifications, identify ambiguities or gaps, and drive their resolution with architects.
Drive tooling, automation, and framework enhancements to make validation scalable and efficient.
Perform debugging and root-cause analysis, ensuring timely resolution of complex specification and model issues.
Collaborate with Architects, authors and modeling engineers to align the architecture data with architectural intent.
Own and champion validation activities to deliver high-quality architecture releases to internal and external partners.
Mentor and guide engineers, promoting technical excellence, collaboration, and continuous learning.

Required Skills and Experience
Strong programming skills in C/C++ and Python.
Solid understanding of CPU architecture and assembly programming.
Proven leadership and expertise in validation, debugging, and analyzing complex issues.
Excellent cross-team communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills.
Ability to reason about architecture specifications, machine-readable representations, and validation logic across the architecture generation pipeline.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (B.Tech./B.S. or M.Tech./M.S.) in Electronics, Electrical, or Computer Engineering from a reputed institution.
8+ years of relevant experience in architecture modeling, validation, or related domains.
Nice-to-Have Skills
Experience with Arm Architecture or Arm CPUs.
Background in embedded software or system-level modeling and validation.
Hands-on experience with AI/LLM-based tools or workflows for engineering productivity, automation, validation, or debugging
Familiarity with toolchain development or modeling frameworks.
Exposure to formal verification or architecture simulation tools.
Strong interest in continuous learning and innovation

Our 10x mindset guides how we engineer, collaborate, and grow. Understand what it means and how to reflect 10x in your work:Building the Future with a 10x Mindset

Our 10x Mindset

At Arm, we believe progress happens when people are empowered to think bigger and push beyond what seems possible. Our 10x mindset is about curiosity, ambition and creating impact that will be used by millions. We learn fast, prioritise collaboration and turn bold ideas into real technology. We look for people who are inspired by this way of working and want to grow in an environment where bold ideas are welcomed. Discover how the 10x mindset shapes life at Arm: https://careers.arm.com/10x-mindset

Use of AI in Your Application

At Arm, we embrace the benefits AI can bring, including in recruitment. You may use AI to support your preparation, such as improving the clarity of written responses, practicing interview questions, or learning more about our industry. However, your application and interview responses must reflect your own thinking, experience, and abilities. We want to understand your authentic perspective, creativity, and approach to problem solving. As such, you may not use AI to complete assigned tasks as part of any assessments. If you plan to use AI-supported or assistive technologies as part of a reasonable adjustment, please contact accommodations@arm.com so we can support you.

Recruitment Adjustments and Accommodations

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com. To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Apply
View Location

Our Hiring Process

Share this job:
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
Email
Life at Arm
Culture at Arm
Make an Impact

At Arm, collaboration drives progress. Our culture blends individual ownership with strong team alignment, where skilled people thrive in a fast-paced, supportive environment. Across our ecosystem, we value bold thinking and pushing boundaries because when teams are empowered and passionate, they deliver at scale.
Read more

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
This is Collective Progress

Arm drives progress by enabling bold ideas to emerge from a diverse, skilled, and inclusive workforce. We challenge convention and move fast, supported by active participation in ERGs, employee communities, DEI working groups, and the DEI Council, each built to fuel momentum and remove barriers.
Read more

Benefits at Arm
Benefits Designed for You

Arm moves fast because our people do. That’s why we offer high-impact benefits tailored to support those driving the future of computing, benefits that reflect and reward the ambition, skill, and energy of extraordinary teams solving complex challenges.
Read more

Jobs for You
Suggested jobs
Previously viewed jobs
Saved jobs
Staff Software Performance Engineer - Team Lead
Lead C/C++ performance engineers to solve complex bottlenecks across large software stacks, profiling and optimising applications on cutting-edge Arm platforms while influencing future hardware design and collaborating with global partners.
Cambridge, United Kingdom, Manchester, United Kingdom
Software Engineering
Senior Software Engineer – Python Infrastructure
We're looking for a Software Engineer who enjoys building internal infrastructure tooling in Python.
Cambridge, United Kingdom
Software Engineering
Staff Software Performance Engineer - Team Lead
Lead C/C++ performance engineers to solve complex bottlenecks across large software stacks, profiling and optimising applications on cutting-edge Arm platforms while influencing future hardware design and collaborating with global partners.
Cambridge, United Kingdom, Manchester, United Kingdom
Software Engineering
Get Job Alerts

Can’t find the job you’re seeking? Register to be notified as soon as new jobs become available. Enter your email, select your preferred job category and/or location, then click Add to set your preferences and Subscribe to create your job alert.

Email

Interested In
Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.

Job Category
Select a Job Category
Administration
Applications Engineering
Architecture
Architecture - Architect, Surveyor and Cartographer
Architecture - Engineers
Design
Design Engineering
Engineering Management
Engineering Operations
Finance & Accounting
Graduate
Hardware Engineering
HR
IT
Legal
Machine Learning
Marketing & Communication
Operations
Product Management
Product Security
Program/Project Management
Quality
Research
Sales
Security
Segment Marketing
Software Engineering
Technical Writer
Verification

Location
Select Location
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Add
Architecture - Engineers, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Remove

Confirm Email

By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy, and consent to receive email communication from Arm.

Subscribe

Join our Talent Community, Unlock Opportunities

Subscribe to receive Arm communications directly to your inbox. Stay connected to be the first to hear about updates from our community and exciting roles that align with your skills.

Join Now

Content
Careers
Emerging Talent
Life At Arm
DEI
Arm Stories
Teams
Events
Company
About Arm
Products
Markets
Newsroom
Leadership
Sustainability
Arm Education
More information
Contact Arm Careers
Sitemap
Already an Arm Employee?
Policies
Candidate Privacy Policy
Arm Careers Cookie Policy
Suppliers
Terms and Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Management
Subscription Center
Trademarks
Modern Slavery Statement
Glossary

Copyright © 1995-2026 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.

Candidate
FEEDBACK