Title: Experienced SoC Design Engineer
Company: Arm
Location: Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/experienced-soc-design-engineer-at-arm-4406949590
Posted: 2023-06-08
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: This role matches Vineeth's domain expertise in SoC design, RTL engineering, and ARM architectures.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Experienced SoC Design Engineer
Arm  Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Arm has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Job Overview

Are you an RTL engineer eager to build expertise across multiple IP products? Do you want to work globally with internal teams to develop systems optimized for performance and power? If so, we want to speak with you! We're seeking a hard-working, creative, and motivated SoC engineer to join the team developing sophisticated processing systems used in IoT, Automotive, and Infrastructure computing.

Responsibilities

As a creative design engineer with a knowledge of subsystems and SoCs you will be part of a team integrating IPs and developing logic for subsystems.

You will need to understand and review the subsystem architecture, and develop the microarchitecture specifications, review verification test plans and help debug and fix issues, as well as work with the performance analysis team to evaluate and improve system performance.

Your key responsibilities will include understanding incoming IPs, their functionality, interfaces and interworking with various subsystem and SoC components, developing subsystem microarchitecture specifications and RTL, proposing refinements to IP teams based on system-level integration and usage, running various design checks and fixing bugs.

You will identify areas of improvement and enhance the design methodologies used by the team and by the wider organization. You will guide and support other members of the team as needed to enable the successful completion of project activities while balancing other tasks including working with Project Management on drawing-up and managing plans and schedules.

Required Skills And Experience


Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering or a related field, or equivalent experience in place of either degree.
Experience in digital hardware design and Verilog HDL
Detailed understanding of current methods and techniques for complex SoC development
Experience in static design checks, including CDC, RDC, X-prop, lint
Experience creating design specifications
Proficiency in Perl, Python or other scripting languages
Strong delivery record of sophisticated RTL subsystems in reasonable timescales
Ability to navigate and make high-level PPA trade-offs and articulate the rationale for those choices
Experience with synthesis and timing analysis and power management techniques
Good communication and collaboration skills.


Preferred Skills and Experience:


Experience with ARM-based designs and/or ARM System Architectures
Knowledge of memory system interconnect protocols (e.g. AMBA ACE-Lite or AXI)
Familiarity with one or more of processor subsystems, NoCs, security subsystems, PCIe subsystems, system power management flows
Experience with SystemVerilog and verification methodologies


Additional Information

Please note that no relocation package is available for this role. If skilled worker sponsorship is required, Arm will meet costs associated with sponsorship for the employer only. All fees associated with the individual’s application e.g. visa application fee and Immigration Health Surcharge, will be the responsibility of the successful candidate.

10x Mindset at Arm

At Arm, we believe progress happens when people are empowered to think bigger and push beyond what seems possible. Our 10x mindset is about curiosity, ambition and creating impact that will be used by millions. We learn fast, prioritise collaboration and turn bold ideas into real technology. We look for people who are inspired by this way of working and want to grow in an environment where bold ideas are welcomed. Read more about how we bring the 10x mindset to life on the Arm blog.

Accommodations at Arm

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com . To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working at Arm

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities at Arm

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Salary Range: £73,500 - £99,500 per year
Show more 
Seniority level
Associate
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Semiconductor Manufacturing, Software Development, and Computer Hardware Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Arm by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Experienced SoC Design Engineer
Experienced SoC Design Engineer
Arm
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Staff SoC Verification and Emulation Engineer
Staff SoC Verification and Emulation Engineer
Arm
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
Embedded Systems Lead
Embedded Systems Lead
Unicorn Biotechnologies
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Electronics Engineer
Electronics Engineer
Amodo Design
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
£35,000 - £70,000
1 week ago
Electronic Engineer
Electronic Engineer
Yoh, A Day & Zimmermann Company
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
£40,000 - £55,000
3 days ago
Electronics Design Engineer
Electronics Design Engineer
Erin Associates Ltd
Chesterfield, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Mechanical Design Engineer
Mechanical Design Engineer

Eaton

Worksop, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Principal Electrical Engineer
Principal Electrical Engineer

Arcadis

Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Design Manager
Design Manager

Cento

Alton, England, United Kingdom
£50,000 - £50,000
6 days ago
Model-Based Systems Engineering Lead
Model-Based Systems Engineering Lead

STEP Fusion

Retford, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
EC&I Designer
EC&I Designer

Altrad UK, Ireland & Nordics

Huddersfield, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Principal Electrical Controls and Instrumentation Engineer
Principal Electrical Controls and Instrumentation Engineer

Quest Global

Huddersfield, England, United Kingdom
2 months ago
Expression of Interest - Arup Fire - UKIMEA
Expression of Interest - Arup Fire - UKIMEA

Arup

Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Staff Software Engineer
Staff Software Engineer

Searchability®

Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
£50,000 - £60,000
1 week ago
Senior Controls Systems Engineer
Senior Controls Systems Engineer

MARCH

Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Senior Mechanical Design Engineer
Senior Mechanical Design Engineer

Iceotope

Greater Sheffield Area
£50,000 - £60,000
3 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Physical Design Engineer jobs
918 open jobs
Performance Architect jobs
3,385 open jobs
Design Verification Engineer jobs
496 open jobs
Senior Packaging Engineer jobs
75 open jobs
Circuit Design Engineer jobs
952 open jobs
Principal Firmware Engineer jobs
151 open jobs
Digital Design Engineer jobs
1,481 open jobs
Director Technology Transfer jobs
100 open jobs
Product Marketing Assistant jobs
402 open jobs
Technical Program Director jobs
136 open jobs
Firmware Engineer jobs
7,889 open jobs
Hardware Architect jobs
341 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Arm
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.