Title: Principal Engineer
Company: Arm
Location: Bengaluru, India
URL: https://careers.arm.com/job/bengaluru/principal-engineer/33099/95385119712
Posted: 2026-05-21
Deadline: N/A
Reason: Meets domain & technical area requirements for Principal Engineer role with 15+ years experience in multimedia IP design and leadership.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

This Website Uses Cookies
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work

Accept And Hide This Message
Skip to main content
Emerging Talent
PROGRAMS
Apprentices (UK)
Interns
Graduates
INFORMATION
Hiring Process
Parents and Teachers
FAQ
FAQ: Your Questions Answered
Want to know more about our programs, process or more?
Explore Emerging Talent
Life at Arm
CULTURE
Benefits
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Learning and Development
Volunteering
Arm Stories
Life at Arm
Learn about Life at Arm and how you can make an impact in our collaborative environment
Hiring Process
Explore our hiring process designed to discover and unleash your true potential.
Explore Life At Arm
Teams
Events
Locations

Find jobs for

Location
Select Location
Canada
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Search
Account
MY JOB APPLICATIONS

Already applied?
Log in to view your existing applications.

Emerging Talent

For Apprentice, Intern or Graduate roles log in here:

Emerging Talent Login
Experienced Professionals

For all other roles log in here:

Experienced Professionals Login
Principal Engineer
Job ID 2026-17253
Date posted May. 21, 2026
Location Bengaluru, India
Category Hardware Engineering
Apply
The Role
Team
Impact
Benefits
Life at Arm

The Systems Media IP group is responsible for the development of Image Signal Processors (ISPs), Display Processors, and Video codecs for deploying within Arm Compute Subsystems for various end markets, including automotive, IoT, and client market segments. Our intellectual property encompasses RTL, reference drivers, tools, and libraries, enabling our customers to build upon our work to create innovative products!

We are currently looking for creative and enthusiastic design engineers to be part of a diverse team that constantly pushes the boundaries of power, performance, and area across our multimedia IP portfolio, while also generating designs that are robust, maintainable, and deliverable to the extraordinary quality our customers expect. This is a new team with plenty of opportunities to shape its future, and your own growth and career progression.

Responsibilities:

Depending on prior experience the responsibilities of the role can include:
Ownership of unit level development or multiple unit hierarchy or technical lead of an overall IP.
Design and test new hardware modules to implement innovative imaging algorithms and/or video codecs.
Engage in all aspect of hardware design including architectural investigations and modeling, specifications, design and simulation, backend implementation support and IP maintenance.
Identify cross Media IP process or methodology improvement opportunities, implementing changes to advance the hardware design efficiency.
Collaborate closely with colleagues in the verification teams, modelling teams, software driver developers, multimedia architects and imaging researchers.
Mentor & support other members of the team

Required skills and experience:

15+ years of experience in ASIC RTL design, ideally for Multimedia IP (ISPs, DPUs, VPUs) or related IP (CPU, GPU, interconnect, memory controllers, high-performance peripherals).
Proficiency in System Verilog, Verilog or VHDL.
Exposure to all stages of design: concept, specification, implementation, testing, documentation, and support.
Proficiency in UNIX and scripting languages such as TCL, Perl, Python, or shell scripting.
Prior technical and/or team leadership skills required for more senior positions.

Desirable skills and experience:

Knowledge of advanced image processing algorithms, such as local tone mapping, noise reduction, motion estimation, transform coding etc or AI/ML based computer vision algorithms.
Experience of designing to meet industry standard protocols (e.g. AMBA interfaces, DDR specifications)
Experience of Functional Safety product development for the Automotive market (applying standards such as ISO 26262 and/or IEC 61508)
Programming language, such MATLAB, 'C' or C++
Experience with SystemVerilog Assertions (SVA) and Continuous Integration flows

In Return:


You will get to utilise your engineering skills to build multimedia technologies and influence millions of devices for years to come. You will be able to drive and bring your ideas to a wider audience, while building your technical leadership and influencing skills.

Our 10x mindset guides how we engineer, collaborate, and grow. Understand what it means and how to reflect 10x in your work: https://careers.arm.com/en/10x-mindset

#LI-SA3

Accommodations at Arm

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com. To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working at Arm

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities at Arm

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Back to nav
Apply
View Location

Our Hiring Process

Share this job:
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
Email
Innovate and Create on Arm

You know us. With 125 Arm-powered products shipped every second, more than 70% of the world’s population touches Arm technology. Our hardware engineers are a dynamic force driving innovation across various domains. Whether it’s powering your smartphone, delivering award-winning VR gaming, or developing the foundation for the world's fastest supercomputer – our engineers are designing the advanced core processors leading the race toward a connected, autonomous, hyper-performance future.

From advancing core implementation to developing full custom physical IP, Arm hardware engineering pushes the limits in vital areas, such as memory, IO, and logic, to shape the future of technology.

Back to nav
Drive change on Arm

At Arm, you'll influence 100% of the world's connected devices and all their applications. From healthcare and infrastructure to virtual reality, you'll affect nearly all industries worldwide, racing toward new milestones and achievements together.

Back to nav
Revolutionary Benefits
Health and Wellness

We create a safe space for you to nurture both your physical and mental wellbeing.

Work and Life Success

We empower people to experience life beyond the boundaries of standard work patterns.

Financial Rewards

We provide benefits beyond a competitive salary to reward our people for their dedication and contributions.

Development and Support

We foster professional and personal development, building a supportive community where everyone can thrive.

See All Rewards And Benefits
Back to nav
Life at Arm

Life in the office doesn’t get any better, especially when those offices are as sleek as ours and the people in them are innovative and supportive. Combine that with our focus on delivering as One Arm, and you’ll experience the kind of collaboration and togetherness that’s rare to find elsewhere. We share so much in common, not least a passion for progress, but we also celebrate each other's diversity.

Discover Life At Arm

Back to nav
Our Stories
Dekel's Story
Plamen's Story
Qin Liu's Story
Paula's Story
Get Job Alerts

Can’t find the job you’re seeking? Register to be notified as soon as new jobs become available. Enter your email, select your preferred job category and/or location, then click Add to set your preferences and Subscribe to create your job alert.

Email

Interested In
Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.

Job Category
Select a Job Category
Applications Engineering
Architecture
Architecture - Architect, Surveyor and Cartographer
Architecture - Engineers
Design Engineering
Engineering Management
Engineering Operations
Finance & Accounting
Graduate
Hardware Engineering
HR
IT
Legal
Marketing & Communication
Operations
Product Management
Product Security
Program/Project Management
Quality
Research
Sales
Security
Segment Marketing
Software Engineering
Technical Writer
Verification

Location
Select Location
Canada
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Add
Hardware Engineering, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Remove

Confirm Email

By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy, and consent to receive email communication from Arm.

Subscribe

Join our Talent Community, Unlock Opportunities

Subscribe to receive Arm communications directly to your inbox. Stay connected to be the first to hear about updates from our community and exciting roles that align with your skills.

Join Now

Content
Careers
Emerging Talent
Life At Arm
DEI
Arm Stories
Teams
Events
Company
About Arm
Products
Markets
Newsroom
Leadership
Sustainability
Arm Education
More information
Contact Arm Careers
Sitemap
Already an Arm Employee?
Policies
Candidate Privacy Policy
Arm Careers Cookie Policy
Suppliers
Terms and Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Management
Subscription Center
Trademarks
Modern Slavery Statement
Glossary

Copyright © 1995-2026 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.