Title: Principal Product Security Architect
Company: Arm
Location: Cambridge, England, United Kingdom; Sophia Antipolis, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Region, France
URL: https://careers.arm.com/job/cambridge/principal-product-security-architect/33099/96596082576
Posted: 2026-06-18
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The job is a Principal Product Security Architect role in one of Arm's security domains, with 10+ years experience required. It's listed as full-time and in Cambridge UK/Sophia Antipolis France locations which match our target criteria.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

This Website Uses Cookies
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work

Accept And Hide This Message
Skip to main content
Emerging Talent
PROGRAMS
Apprentices (UK)
Interns
Graduates
INFORMATION
Hiring Process
Parents and Teachers
FAQ
FAQ: Your Questions Answered
Want to know more about our programs, process or more?
Explore Emerging Talent
Life at Arm
CULTURE
Benefits
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Learning and Development
Volunteering
Arm Stories
Life at Arm
Learn about Life at Arm and how you can make an impact in our collaborative environment
Hiring Process
Explore our hiring process designed to discover and unleash your true potential.
Explore Life At Arm
Teams
Events
Locations

Find jobs for

Location
Select Location
Canada
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Search
Account
MY JOB APPLICATIONS

Already applied?
Log in to view your existing applications.

Emerging Talent

For Apprentice, Intern or Graduate roles log in here:

Emerging Talent Login
Experienced Professionals

For all other roles log in here:

Experienced Professionals Login
Principal Product Security Architect
Job ID
2026-16804
Date posted
18/06/2026
Location
Cambridge, United Kingdom; Sophia Antipolis, France
Category
Product Security
Apply
Overview

Arm is seeking an expert Security Engineer to lead and run interactions with external security laboratories and certification bodies. As a senior member of the Product Security team, you will lead different aspects of security evaluations, coordinate certification activities, and ensure that our products meet industry standard methodologies and regulatory requirements.

This role is relevant in guaranteeing that Arm products achieve and maintain the vital assurance levels through detailed, evaluation processes.

Responsibilities
Act as the primary technical work with accredited third-party security laboratories responsible for evaluating Arm products
Lead, coordinate, and run end-to-end security evaluation and certification programs, including planning, execution, documentation, and closure
Ensure that all evidence, documentation, test vectors, and artefacts required for certification are accurate, complete, and delivered on schedule
Review and validate lab findings, ensuring corrective actions are implemented and retested when needed
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of evolving certification standards (e.g., Common Criteria, PSA Certified, SESIP, FIPS, OCP safe, ISO21434, IEC 62443, etc.)
Establish and maintain clear, comprehensive, and current documentation for all evaluation processes and certification workflows
Provide internal guidance and mentoring on evaluation methodologies, certification readiness, and standards
Required Skills & Experience
10+ years of experience in product security, security evaluation, certification, or a related field
Strong understanding of security evaluation schemes such as Common Criteria, SESIP, PSA Certified, FIPS 140-3, ISO 21434, EU-CRA or similar frameworks
Confirmed experience collaborating with external security laboratories and navigating formal evaluation processes
Confirmed understanding of cryptographic primitives, secure key lifecycle management, and secure provisioning workflows
Experience with silicon/SoC security architecture, including threat modelling, attacker models, and countermeasures
Good organizational skills with the ability to handle sophisticated, multi-stakeholder projects
Excellent communication, negotiation, and documentation abilities
Ability to work with multi-functional engineering, product, and security teams
Nice-to-Have Skills
Experience with secure hardware components such as cryptography accelerators, RoT modules, Secure enclaves, HSMs, or TEE/TF-M environments
Experience with secure firmware components such as secure Boot Rom, Bootloader, TFM/TFA, OP-TEE, hyper/micro-visor etc.
Practical knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing flows and supply chain security
Familiarity with side-channel analysis, fault-injection testing, and hardware penetration testing methodologies
Additional Information

Please note that a relocation package (including visa sponsorship support) is available for this role, for candidates who require it.

#LI-CI 

Accommodations at Arm

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email accommodations@arm.com. To note, by sending us the requested information, you consent to its use by Arm to arrange for appropriate accommodations. All accommodation or adjustment requests will be treated with confidentiality, and information concerning these requests will only be disclosed as necessary to provide the accommodation. Although this is not an exhaustive list, examples of support include breaks between interviews, having documents read aloud, or office accessibility. Please email us about anything we can do to accommodate you during the recruitment process.

Hybrid Working at Arm

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities at Arm

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Salary Range:
£126,200 - £170,800 per year
Apply
View Location

Our Hiring Process

Share this job:
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
Email
Life at Arm
Culture at Arm
Make an Impact

At Arm, collaboration drives progress. Our culture blends individual ownership with strong team alignment, where skilled people thrive in a fast-paced, supportive environment. Across our ecosystem, we value bold thinking and pushing boundaries because when teams are empowered and passionate, they deliver at scale.
Read more

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
This is Collective Progress

Arm drives progress by enabling bold ideas to emerge from a diverse, skilled, and inclusive workforce. We challenge convention and move fast, supported by active participation in ERGs, employee communities, DEI working groups, and the DEI Council, each built to fuel momentum and remove barriers.
Read more

Benefits at Arm
Benefits Designed for You

Arm moves fast because our people do. That’s why we offer high-impact benefits tailored to support those driving the future of computing, benefits that reflect and reward the ambition, skill, and energy of extraordinary teams solving complex challenges.
Read more

Jobs for You
Suggested jobs
Previously viewed jobs
Saved jobs
Verification Engineer
Bengaluru, India
Hardware Engineering, Verification
Principal Product Security Architect
Cambridge, United Kingdom, Sophia Antipolis, France
Product Security
Senior Engineer
Drive next-generation CPU verification using SystemVerilog, UVM and simulation tools, collaborating with world-class teams delivering industry-leading Arm processors
Cambridge, United Kingdom
Verification
Get Job Alerts

Can’t find the job you’re seeking? Register to be notified as soon as new jobs become available. Enter your email, select your preferred job category and/or location, then click Add to set your preferences and Subscribe to create your job alert.

Email

Interested In
Select a job category from the list of options. Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to create your job alert.

Job Category
Select a Job Category
Applications Engineering
Architecture
Architecture - Architect, Surveyor and Cartographer
Architecture - Engineers
Design Engineering
Engineering Management
Engineering Operations
Finance & Accounting
Graduate
Hardware Engineering
HR
IT
Legal
Marketing & Communication
Operations
Product Management
Product Security
Program/Project Management
Quality
Research
Sales
Security
Segment Marketing
Software Engineering
Technical Writer
Verification

Location
Select Location
Canada
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Norway
Sweden
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States

Add
Product Security, Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
Remove
Product Security, Sophia Antipolis, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Region, France
Remove

Confirm Email

By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy, and consent to receive email communication from Arm.

Subscribe

Join our Talent Community, Unlock Opportunities

Subscribe to receive Arm communications directly to your inbox. Stay connected to be the first to hear about updates from our community and exciting roles that align with your skills.

Join Now

Content
Careers
Emerging Talent
Life At Arm
DEI
Arm Stories
Teams
Events
Company
About Arm
Products
Markets
Newsroom
Leadership
Sustainability
Arm Education
More information
Contact Arm Careers
Sitemap
Already an Arm Employee?
Policies
Candidate Privacy Policy
Arm Careers Cookie Policy
Suppliers
Terms and Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Management
Subscription Center
Trademarks
Modern Slavery Statement
Glossary

Copyright © 1995-2026 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.

Candidate
FEEDBACK