Title: ASIC SoC System Architect, Lund
Company: Axis Communications
Location: Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
URL: https://se.linkedin.com/jobs/view/asic-soc-system-architect-lund-at-axis-communications-4437391474
Posted: 2026-07-16
Deadline: 2026-08-06
Reason: Matches requirements for ASIC/VLSI/EDA with senior role, good location match

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
ASIC SoC System Architect, Lund
Axis Communications  Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
1 week ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Axis Communications has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Job Title

ASIC SoC System Architect, Lund

Job Description

Join our team as an ASIC SoC System Architect! Are you passionate about advanced ASIC development and eager to work at the forefront of technology? Do you thrive in a collaborative environment where your contributions truly matter? We are looking for candidates to expand our dynamic ASIC SoC System Architect team in Lund to help shape the future of our ARTPEC SoC chips.

Learn more; https://newsroom.axis.com/article/artpec-foundation-quality

Your future team

The ASIC System team is at the heart of developing the next generations of ARTPEC SoC chips. We are responsible for the SoC architecture and the ASIC implementation phase, playing a crucial role in both ongoing projects and future innovations. Our team consists of Project Managers, ASIC SoC System Architects and Back-End Engineers. We work closely with our ASIC vendor, internal RTL design and verification teams, and key stakeholders to ensure our SoC designs meet the highest standards.

We are a highly skilled and motivated team with a mix of junior and senior members. Our strength lies in our individual expertise and our collaborative, open working environment.

The team designs and implements the SoCs used in Axis products including security features that give our products a high level of trust in IoT ecosystems and enables interoperability with major IoT security standards.

For this we are now looking for candidates that want to take the step to become ASIC SoC System Architects to strengthen our team.

What you will do as an ASIC SoC System Architect

As an ASIC SoC System architect, you will play a pivotal role throughout the ASIC project lifecycle. You will specify system-level requirements, define architecture, evaluate and select third-party IPs, and support RTL design and verification teams. You will also cooperate with our ASIC vendor during the implementation phase and work closely with internal hardware and software teams.

In this role you will be involved in and/or drive activities within competence areas such as:


SoC Architecture
Low-power architecture
Package and PI/SI
External interfaces
Interconnect
Use-Cases and overall system design.
Security
Performance
CPU
Memory systems
Qualification
Prototype testing
Requirements
IP evaluations
Thermal
Technology evaluations
Etc.


Who are you?

We are seeking highly motivated engineers with a background within ASIC development such as:


ASIC Design
ASIC Verification
ASIC Backend
ASIC System Architecture


Most importantly, you want to grow within the field ASIC System Architecture.

We welcome both junior and senior engineers who bring qualities such as:


Master’s degree in electrical engineering, computer science, physics, mathematics or similar
5+ years of ASIC Development experience
Genuine interest in some of the competence areas above
Self-driving and with leadership capabilities
Documentation skills
Presentation and communication skills in English


As a person, we believe you are dedicated, analytical, systematic, and enjoy sharing your knowledge and ideas with the team. Teamwork is crucial at Axis, so it's important that you contribute to a positive team spirit and a creative work environment.

You are person with a strong personal drive and an ability to work both unsupervised and as a part of a team. You can create and maintain the needed network for your task, and you can also manage technical leadership.

What Axis Has To Offer

We are a world leader in network video, where cutting-edge technology meets global impact. Here, you’ll contribute to meaningful projects that shape the future of security and surveillance — developing solutions used worldwide. As a fast-growing company, we offer exciting career opportunities. You’ll grow professionally through continuous learning, supported by a collaborative team that values creativity, innovation, and work-life balance.

Our Lund HQ Campus, including the impressive Grenden building, offers a dynamic environment with spaces crafted to encourage collaboration, whether through informal “fika” chats, formal meetings, or after-hours activities. Check it out: Axis HQ

Your well-being matters to us. We offer a range of benefits, including a company bonus, Friday cake, wellness allowance, health insurance — and even your own Axis bicycle.

To learn more about Axis, our innovative products, solutions, and vibrant company culture, explore:

Life at Axis blog

Engineering at Axis blog

Innovation at Axis

Ready to Act?

Do you want to join us? Apply today!

Contact our recruiting ASIC Systems Manager Tomas Larsson on phone +46 46 272 1500 if you want more information.

Vacation is important! At Axis we value work-life balance and that means that during summer many of us are on a well-deserved vacation. During this period of time, you can expect some delay in our response, but we will get back to you as soon as possible.

Type of Employment

Permanent Employment

Posting End Date

2026-08-06

Certain roles at Axis require background checks, which means applicable verifications will be done in these recruitments. Notice will be provided before we take any action.

About Axis Communications

We enable a smarter, safer world by creating innovative solutions for improving security and business performance. As a network technology company and industry leader, we offer solutions in video surveillance, access control, intercom, and audio systems, enhanced by intelligent analytics applications.

With around 6000 committed employees in over 50 countries, we collaborate with partners worldwide. Together, we thrive in our friendly, open, and collaborative culture and inspire each other to think beyond the expected. United by our commitment to inclusion, diversity, and sustainability, we consistently seek to develop our skills and way of working.

Let´s create a smarter, safer world

For more information about Axis, please visit our website www.axis.com.

Listen to Get To Know Axis – Podcast
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Computer Networking Products
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Axis Communications by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new System Architect jobs in Lund, Skåne County, Sweden.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
ASIC SoC Security Architect, Lund
ASIC SoC Security Architect, Lund
Axis Communications
Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
1 day ago
Senior Software Architect and Tech Strategist
Senior Software Architect and Tech Strategist
AFRY
Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
1 week ago
Senior IT Architect
Senior IT Architect
Saab
Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
2 weeks ago
Enterprise Architect - Business Support, Digital Technology, Group Digital
Enterprise Architect - Business Support, Digital Technology, Group Digital
IKEA
Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
19 hours ago
AWS Architect
AWS Architect
Capgemini
Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
1 week ago
Enterprise Architect
Enterprise Architect
SWEP
Landskrona, Skåne County, Sweden
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Senior Solution Architect
Senior Solution Architect

Vivicta

Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
4 days ago
Principal Software Engineer
Principal Software Engineer

King

Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
1 week ago
Data & AI Architect
Data & AI Architect

Nexer Insight

Greater Malmö Metropolitan Area
3 days ago
Head of AI Automation & Business Systems
Head of AI Automation & Business Systems

Allakando

Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
2 months ago
Senior Systemutvecklare
Senior Systemutvecklare

Nion

Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
1 month ago
Senior Network Architect
Senior Network Architect

Telia Cygate

Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
8 hours ago
Technical Director for MAX IV Laboratory
Technical Director for MAX IV Laboratory

Poolia Sverige

Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
17 hours ago
Biträdande universitetslektor i elektroteknik med inriktning mot digitala integrerade kretsar och system
Biträdande universitetslektor i elektroteknik med inriktning mot digitala integrerade kretsar och system

The Faculty of Engineering at Lund University

Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
2 months ago
AWS Architect
AWS Architect

Sopra Steria

Malmo, Skåne County, Sweden
3 months ago
Systemingenjör inom HPC till LUNARC
Systemingenjör inom HPC till LUNARC

The Faculty of Engineering at Lund University

Lund, Skåne County, Sweden
1 month ago
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Axis Communications
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.