Title: ASIC front-end Design Engineer
Company: Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Location: Rajarhat, West Bengal, India
URL: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/asic-front-end-design-engineer-at-hewlett-packard-enterprise-4430763164
Posted: 2023-05-20
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role matches the target domain of ASIC front-end design engineering.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
ASIC front-end Design Engineer
Hewlett Packard Enterprise  Rajarhat, West Bengal, India
20 hours ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Hewlett Packard Enterprise has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
This role has been designed as ‘’Onsite’ with an expectation that you will primarily work from an HPE office.

Who We Are

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyze, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world. Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.

Job Description

Opportunity Snapshot:


We are looking to hire sharp ASIC Design Engineer with excellent communication and leadership skills.
You will be part of a fast paced team responsible for delivering high-speed ASICs for large, complex systems. You will have a significant opportunity to interact with system design teams across geographies.
Open communications, empowerment, innovation, teamwork and customer success are the foundations of the team with "pay for performance" culture. Thus, you set your own limits for learning, achievements and rewards.


What You'll Do


Define and architect high-performance blocks for the latest, most advanced networking ASICs
Perform micro-architecture and logic design to deliver maximum throughput, while using minimum power
Collaborate with the verification team in the development of the testplan and assist in debugging test failures
Collaborate with the physical design team to develop timing constraints, analyze timing violations, and perform timing fixes


What You Need To Bring


Strong Verilog RTL coding skills
Knowledge of Synopsys Design Compiler, Verplex LEC, and Spyglass is desirable
Experience designing ASICs for networking protocols (Ethernet, FCoE) is a plus
Knowledge of high performance memory subsystems
Knowledge of multi-domain clock synchronization and high-speed serial interfaces
Strong problem solving and ASIC debugging skills
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
MSEE or BSEE is required


Location: Kolkata

Additional Skills

Accountability, Accountability, Action Planning, Active Learning, Active Listening, Agile Methodology, Agile Scrum Development, Analytical Thinking, Bias, Coaching, Creativity, Critical Thinking, Cross-Functional Teamwork, Data Analysis Management, Data Collection Management (Inactive), Data Controls, Design, Design Thinking, Empathy, Follow-Through, Group Problem Solving, Growth Mindset, Intellectual Curiosity (Inactive), Long Term Planning, Managing Ambiguity {+ 5 more}

What We Can Offer You

Health & Wellbeing

We strive to provide our team members and their loved ones with a comprehensive suite of benefits that supports their physical, financial and emotional wellbeing.

Personal & Professional Development

We also invest in your career because the better you are, the better we all are. We have specific programs catered to helping you reach any career goals you have — whether you want to become a knowledge expert in your field or apply your skills to another division.

Unconditional Inclusion

We are unconditionally inclusive in the way we work and celebrate individual uniqueness. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good.

Let's Stay Connected

Follow @HPECareers on Instagram to see the latest on people, culture and tech at HPE.

#india

#networking

Job

Engineering

Job Level

TCP_03

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, or any other protected category, and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. Please click here: Equal Employment Opportunity.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.

HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.

Recruitment Fraud Alert

We have become aware of an increase in fraudulent recruitment activities in which individuals impersonate our company or authorized recruitment agencies to offer fake employment opportunities. These scams may occur through false websites, emails, social media, or chat-based applications and often aim to obtain personal information or money. Please note that Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and its authorized recruitment agencies/vendors will never charge a candidate a registration fee, hiring fee, or any other fee in connection with its recruitment and hiring process. We also never request personal information such as back account details, Social Security numbers, or national IDs via social media or chat applications.

All legitimate job opportunities will come through official company channels, and candidates are responsible for verifying the credentials of any third party claiming to represent the company. Any reliance on fraudulent communication is at the individual’s own risk, and HPE disclaims legal liability for any resulting damages. If you suspect recruitment fraud, do not share personal information or make any payments and report the incident to your local authorities immediately.
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Hewlett Packard Enterprise by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Application Specific Integrated Circuit Design Engineer jobs in Rajarhat, West Bengal, India.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
ASIC front-end Design Engineer
ASIC front-end Design Engineer
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Greater Kolkata Area
20 hours ago
Staff Engineer, Digital Design Engineering
Staff Engineer, Digital Design Engineering
Analog Devices
Greater Kolkata Area
23 hours ago
Engineer Digital Design Engineer
Engineer Digital Design Engineer
Analog Devices
Greater Kolkata Area
23 hours ago
System Engineer
System Engineer
Siemens
Greater Kolkata Area
2 days ago
Design Engineer
Design Engineer
Exide Industries Limited
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
1 week ago
Electrical Design Engineer
Electrical Design Engineer
Associated Industrial Furnaces
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
7 months ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
CAD Engineer
CAD Engineer

AVTEL

Greater Kolkata Area
1 year ago
Silicon Firmware & Embedded Engineer
Silicon Firmware & Embedded Engineer

Accenture in India

Greater Kolkata Area
1 week ago
Sector Expert- Signal
Sector Expert- Signal

Egis Road Operation India

Kolkata, West Bengal, India
3 months ago
Software Architect-AUTOSAR
Software Architect-AUTOSAR

thyssenkrupp Polysius

Greater Kolkata Area
4 months ago
Site Engineer- Signal
Site Engineer- Signal

Egis Road Operation India

Kolkata, West Bengal, India
3 months ago
Senior Project Lead Engineer
Senior Project Lead Engineer

Hitachi Energy

Kolkata, West Bengal, India
1 day ago
Early Careers - Digital Technology
Early Careers - Digital Technology

SLB

Magrahat-II, West Bengal, India
1 month ago
Technical Lead - System Design
Technical Lead - System Design

aQb Solutions Pvt Ltd

Kolkata, West Bengal, India
3 weeks ago
Product Designer
Product Designer

Aartaa decor

Kolkata, West Bengal, India
4 days ago
Mechanical Engineer - Delivery
Mechanical Engineer - Delivery

SLB

Magrahat-II, West Bengal, India
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Physical Design Engineer jobs
1,203 open jobs
Digital Design Engineer jobs
1,319 open jobs
Logic Design Engineer jobs
336 open jobs
Design Verification Engineer jobs
987 open jobs
Chemistry Physics Teacher jobs
59 open jobs
Mixed Signal Design Engineer jobs
859 open jobs
Product Validation Engineer jobs
52,055 open jobs
Senior Manager Consumer Insights jobs
108 open jobs
Circuit Design Engineer jobs
892 open jobs
Circuit Designer jobs
826 open jobs
Hardware Intern jobs
49 open jobs
Network Solutions Architect jobs
1,110 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.