Title: Device Engineer
Company: Intel
Location: Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland
URL: https://ie.linkedin.com/jobs/view/device-engineer-at-intel-4425284750
Posted: 2023-06-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: Strong match with device engineering, advanced node semiconductor experience and Intel location.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Device Engineer
Intel  Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland
1 week ago  37 applicants
  

See who Intel has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Job Details:

Job Description:

Intel Ireland Device Engineering team (Yield department) is looking for Device Engineering talents (reporting to manger of Device team) to join our advanced technology Fab.

As a Device Engineer/Senior Device Engineer, you will focus on most advanced FinFETs technology device engineering/development working closely with Integration, Module, yield teams to achieve yield ramp-up, process and device optimization in the high-volume manufacturing Fab, supporting internal and external customers.

Device Engineers' Responsibilities Include (but Are Not Limited To):


Drive factory product Power and Performance roadmap and member/leader of the Performance TMI team to ensure the factory products hit customer specifications required, including device targeting, customization, variability improvement etc.
Own engineering projects to execute HVM yield roadmap, device targeting and attain performance targets.
Work with Technology Development team to develop new device technology, customize device architecture per customer request and import to production fabs.
Participate or lead cross-organizational team of engineers to identify root cause of device-related yield/performance issues and define mitigation plan to meet committed production yield/performance targets.
Own NPI (New Product Introduction) in production fab and perform device-related process optimizations to meet foundry customers product specifications and requirements.
Develop a model to predict device performance accurately in early-to-mid stage of Si progression and drive systematic solution to maintain baseline device performance.
Work with Process Integration engineers to drive process simplification and implement cost reduction engineering opportunities in line.
Level of experience will be considered in determining applicants job grade.


Qualifications:

Candidate should possess the following behavioral skills:

Skills Required:


Problem Solving: Demonstrated experience in rapidly analyzing complex process problems and identifying effective solution paths.
Teamwork and Partnership: Strong teamwork skills and the ability to build effective partnerships.
Communication: Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to summarize and communicate information effectively to influence action at all levels.
Self-Motivation: A motivated self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a team environment.
Flexibility: Maturity and adaptability in facing uncertainties and changing priorities or responsibilities.
Goal Commitment: Commitment to achieving aggressive goals with a positive, can-do attitude and ability to act with velocity and a strong sense of urgency.


Qualifications:

Minimum Qualifications:


Relevant Bachelors, Masters and/or a PhD degree in Device physics, Electronics, physics chemistry or related technical field.
5-10 years' experience in advanced node semiconductor industry in Device or FEOL/BEOL Integration.
5-10 years' experience in FinFET technology development or high-volume manufacturing.
5-10 years' experience with Device Physics and hands-on application in real-world fab environment.


Preferred Qualifications:


Advanced degree (Master's or Ph.D.) in Electrical Engineering, Physics or Materials Science major.
Experience driving product performance roadmaps working in multi discipline team with Process Engineers, Integration Engineers and Yield Analysis to deliver reliable, cost effective and stable/capable products.
Experience working on process transfers to High Volume Manufacturing Factories, solving complex integrated issues delivering matched yields and product performance.
Demonstrated interpersonal skills including influencing, engaging, and motivating.
Experience in serving external Foundry customers through technical interactions.
Experience in GAA (Gate-All-Around) technology architecture.
Experience in new semiconductor technology development.
Basic understanding and collaboration experience with module processes including lithography, dry etch, wet etch, CMP, diffusion, implant, thin films and metrology.


Job Type:

Experienced Hire

Shift:

Shift 1 (Ireland)

Primary Location:

Ireland, Leixlip

Additional Locations:

Business Group:

Intel Foundry strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art while delighting our customers -- from delivering cutting-edge silicon process and packaging technology leadership for the AI era, enabling our customers to design leadership products, global manufacturing scale and supply chain, through the continuous yield improvements to advanced packaging all the way to final test and assembly. We ensure our foundry customers' products receive our utmost focus in terms of service, technology enablement and capacity commitments. Employees in the Foundry Technology Manufacturing are part of a worldwide factory network that designs, develops, manufactures, and assembly/test packages the compute devices to improve the lives of every person on Earth.

Posting Statement:

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance.

Position of Trust

N/A

EU Salary

We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry.

Annual Salary Range for this job which could be performed in Ireland is: €71,300.00 - €111,300.00 The compensation range displayed in this posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for this position. Within this range, individual pay is determined by job related skills, experience, and relevant education, training. As part of our total compensation approach, the final offer may include additional pay components and benefits. Your recruiting team will share the confirmed base salary along with any applicable total compensation elements upon employment offer delivery.

Work Model for this Role

This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Quality Assurance
Industries
Semiconductor Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Intel by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Device Engineer jobs in Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Firmware Applications Eng.
Firmware Applications Eng.
AMD
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
3 weeks ago
Principal Engineer, Component Engineering
Principal Engineer, Component Engineering
Analog Devices
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
34 minutes ago
Engineer
Engineer
InnaLabs® Ltd
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
3 weeks ago
Foundry Customer Integration Engineer
Foundry Customer Integration Engineer
Intel
Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland
1 week ago
Systems Integration Engineer
Systems Integration Engineer
Manna Air Delivery
Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
1 month ago
Senior Process Engineer
Senior Process Engineer
Intel
Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland
1 day ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Control Systems Engineer
Control Systems Engineer

Jabil

Bray, County Wicklow, Ireland
2 weeks ago
Engineer II, Field Service
Engineer II, Field Service

ASM

Lucan and Pettycanon, South Dublin, Ireland
1 week ago
Infrastructure Engineer
Infrastructure Engineer

Crusoe

Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
3 days ago
Onsite Engineer
Onsite Engineer

E-Solutions

Ashbourne, County Meath, Ireland
1 week ago
Staff Engineer (Machine Learning)
Staff Engineer (Machine Learning)

Synopsys Inc

Dublin, County Dublin, Ireland
2 weeks ago
Senior RF Electronic Design Engineer
Senior RF Electronic Design Engineer

Capri-Medical

County Dublin, Ireland
1 month ago
(Senior) Field Service Engineer - Based in Ireland
(Senior) Field Service Engineer - Based in Ireland

ASML

Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland
2 weeks ago
Product Technologist
Product Technologist

WaterWipes

Drogheda, Ireland
1 week ago
Service Engineer (m/w/d)
Service Engineer (m/w/d)

EBARA Precision Machinery Europe (EPME)

Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland
1 week ago
Field Services Engineers
Field Services Engineers

Cpl

Kildare, County Kildare, Ireland
1 week ago
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Intel
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.