Title: Research Scientist
Company: KLA
Location: Newport, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/research-scientist-at-kla-4412041726
Posted: 2023-05-18
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is based in Newport, England with a technical fit in semiconductor and wafer processing solutions.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Research Scientist
KLA  Newport, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago  115 applicants
  

See who KLA has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Company Overview

The SPTS division of KLA, designs, manufactures and markets wafer processing solutions for the global semiconductor and related industries. SPTS provides industry leading etch and deposition process technologies on a range of single wafer handling platforms. End-market applications include micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS), advanced packaging, LED, high speed RF device IC’s and power semiconductors. SPTS is part of KLA Corporation which develops industry-leading equipment and services that enable innovation throughout the electronics industry. We provide advanced process control and process-enabling solutions for manufacturing wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. In close collaboration with leading customers across the globe, our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers design solutions that move the world forward.

Group/Division

SPTS wafer processing solutions include market-leading silicon etch, dielectric etch, dry-release etch, PVD, PECVD and molecular vapor deposition (MVD®), available with a range of wafer-handling options applicable to R&D, pilot production, or volume production environments. SPTS is headquartered and has its main manufacturing facility in Newport, UK, with additional manufacturing in Allentown, Pennsylvania. SPTS operates across 19 countries in Europe, North America and Asia-Pacific, and offers comprehensive service and spare parts support through a worldwide network of service centers and qualified local agents.

Job Description/Preferred Qualifications

Working as part of our Advanced Development team, the primary responsibilities of this role will be to develop novel plasma etch and deposition technology to meet both the current and future demands of KLA SPTS Division customers. This will involve generating new hardware/process concepts, modelling with a commercial simulation software package, as well as carrying out challenging hands-on process development and hardware testing. You will be on a steep learning curve to understand process integration challenges for 3D Advanced Packaging, Photonics and Specialty applications, discussing requirements with development partners and creating solutions for future products.

Additional responsibilities will include advising end users on system performance, preparing reports and technical notes, presenting data technical review seminars and building successful relationships. Good inter-personal skills should complement the ability to work with a high degree of autonomy. There will be a strong focus on process development based on understanding/modelling of mechanisms, and detailed analysis of results, generating new process solutions & IP submissions.

This position will involve a minimal amount of international travel.

Qualifications & Experience

Applicants will be educated to PhD level in a chemistry, physics, materials science or semiconductor technology discipline. Ideally, applicants will have relevant experience of working with plasma etch, CVD, PVD, ALD equipment.

The successful candidate will have:


Good analytical skills including the ability to carry out metrology such as SEM
Knowledge of and ideally experience of using end point techniques
Excellent communication skills
The ability to work both autonomously and as part of a small team
Experience of plasma modelling ideally HPEM would be advantageous. Candidates with COMSOL®, ANSYS, Quantamol or equivalent packages and DOE methodologies would also be considered



What we will offer you?

KLA's benefits package includes:

Annual leave starting at 25 days (plus bank holidays), contributory pension scheme, cash health plan, cycle to work scheme, global bonus plan, share scheme, rewards scheme and life assurance!

Minimum Qualifications

PhD - Physics, Chemistry, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science or Semiconductor Technology.

Ideally with work experience/Post Doc.

We offer a competitive, family friendly total rewards package. We design our programs to reflect our commitment to an inclusive environment, while ensuring we provide benefits that meet the diverse needs of our employees.

KLA is proud to be an equal opportunity employer

Be aware of potentially fraudulent job postings or suspicious recruiting activity by persons that are currently posing as KLA employees. KLA never asks for any financial compensation to be considered for an interview, to become an employee, or for equipment. Further, KLA does not work with any recruiters or third parties who charge such fees either directly or on behalf of KLA. Please ensure that you have searched KLA’s Careers website for legitimate job postings. KLA follows a recruiting process that involves multiple interviews in person or on video conferencing with our hiring managers. If you are concerned that a communication, an interview, an offer of employment, or that an employee is not legitimate, please send an email to talent.acquisition@kla.com to confirm the person you are communicating with is an employee. We take your privacy very seriously and confidentially handle your information.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Other
Industries
Semiconductor Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at KLA by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Applied Scientist, Edge AI and Science
Applied Scientist, Edge AI and Science
Amazon Science
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Sr. Applied Scientist, Alexa International
Sr. Applied Scientist, Alexa International
Amazon
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Biosensor Devices researcher
Biosensor Devices researcher
Epinal Ltd
City Of Bristol, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Next Generation Scientist
Next Generation Scientist
Campden BRI
Gloucestershire, England, United Kingdom
£34,000 - £42,000
2 weeks ago
Research Associate
Research Associate
University of Bath
Bath, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Scientist 12 FTC
Scientist 12 FTC
Expedeon Inc. (an Abcam company)
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Principal Coastal Scientist
Principal Coastal Scientist

Mott MacDonald

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Senior Applied Scientist (Computer Vision), Camera and Sensors
Senior Applied Scientist (Computer Vision), Camera and Sensors

Amazon Science

Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Embedded Researcher
Embedded Researcher

NCC Group

Cheltenham, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Principal Food Scientist
Principal Food Scientist

SRG

Gloucestershire, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Intelligence Researcher
Intelligence Researcher

Avon and Somerset Police

Almondsbury, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Advanced Analytical Development Research Associate
Advanced Analytical Development Research Associate

Bio-Techne

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Senior Application Scientist
Senior Application Scientist

Renishaw

Wotton-Under-Edge, England, United Kingdom
£40,000 - £60,000
2 weeks ago
Epidemiologist
Epidemiologist

Costello Medical

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
3 days ago
Associate Group Leader - In Vitro Biology
Associate Group Leader - In Vitro Biology

Charles River Laboratories

Portishead, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Product Stewardship Toxicologist
Product Stewardship Toxicologist

Imperial Brands PLC

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Assistant Professor of Physics jobs
114 open jobs
Postdoctoral Associate jobs
117 open jobs
Survey Statistician jobs
114 open jobs
Senior Materials Analyst jobs
151 open jobs
Postdoctoral Researcher jobs
328 open jobs
Research Engineer jobs
24,670 open jobs
Processing Geophysicist jobs
19 open jobs
Postdoctoral Research Associate jobs
116 open jobs
Assistant Professor of Chemistry jobs
84 open jobs
Chief Research Officer jobs
290 open jobs
Materials Scientist jobs
458 open jobs
Senior Research Engineer jobs
2,794 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at KLA
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.