Title: Principal Applications Engineer, PVD
Company: KLA
Location: Newport, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/principal-applications-engineer-pvd-at-kla-4411545216
Posted: 2026-07-19
Deadline: N/A
Reason: Senior leadership role with semiconductor experience, match for Vineeth's background

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Principal Applications Engineer, PVD
KLA  Newport, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago  66 applicants
  

See who KLA has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Company Overview

The SPTS division of KLA, designs, manufactures and markets wafer processing solutions for the global semiconductor and related industries. SPTS provides industry leading etch and deposition process technologies on a range of single wafer handling platforms. End-market applications include micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS), advanced packaging, LED, high speed RF device IC’s and power semiconductors. SPTS is part of KLA Corporation which develops industry-leading equipment and services that enable innovation throughout the electronics industry. We provide advanced process control and process-enabling solutions for manufacturing wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. In close collaboration with leading customers across the globe, our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers design solutions that move the world forward.

Group/Division

SPTS wafer processing solutions include market-leading silicon etch, dielectric etch, dry-release etch, PVD, PECVD and molecular vapor deposition (MVD®), available with a range of wafer-handling options applicable to R&D, pilot production, or volume production environments. SPTS is headquartered and has its main manufacturing facility in Newport, UK, with additional manufacturing in Allentown, Pennsylvania. SPTS operates across 19 countries in Europe, North America and Asia-Pacific, and offers comprehensive service and spare parts support through a worldwide network of service centers and qualified local agents.

Job Description/Preferred Qualifications

Primary Purpose of Role

Working as part of the PVD Applications team the primary responsibility of this role will be the development of advanced deposition technology. This will involve working on a wide range of materials and applications and developing new hardware and processes to meet market requirements.

Additional responsibilities will include overseeing and supervision of junior engineers, writing technical reports for both internal and external use, reviews of technical literature, generating IP submissions and collaborating with other business units as required. There may also be some requirement to write and review process specifications. This role will also involve advising both KLA field teams and other members of the Newport team on application development and process tuning.

There will be opportunity to take on Project Management tasks, coordinating with other teams.

This position will involve some international travel. Occasional shift working may be required.

Key Responsibilities


Development of PVD processes to meet technology roadmap targets and/or customer requirements
Design of experiments and the assessment of results using analytical equipment and appropriate software packages
Undertake problem solving and trouble-shooting
Provide regular updates to management on progress of development work
Summarise results in a written report or presentation
Plan work and execute plans in a safe and timely manner
Contribute constructively to the work of project teams for new products and processes
Research into published work relevant to KLA's process development
Write invention disclosures/patent applications
Write technical papers for publication at conferences, seminars etc
Communicate results and ideas to management & co-workers



Experience

The successful candidate will have:


Knowledge and/or experience of thin film deposition techniques, plasma systems & high vacuum technology
Preferably some experience or knowledge of computer simulation methods
An ability to design experiments and analyse data to rapidly identify solutions to complex problems
Good analytical skills including the ability to carry out metrology such as SEM
Good oral and written communication skills
The ability to work both autonomously and as part of a team



Qualifications

Physics, Chemistry or Material Science Doctorate (Academic) Degree and related work experience; Master's Level Degree and related work experience; Bachelor's Level Degree and related work experience

What we will offer you?

KLA’s benefits package includes: Annual leave starting at 25 days (plus bank holidays), contributory pension scheme, cash health plan, cycle to work scheme, global bonus plan, share scheme, rewards scheme, life assurance.

Minimum Qualifications

Doctorate (Academic) Degree and related work experience; Master's Level Degree and related work experience; Bachelor's Level Degree and related work experience

We offer a competitive, family friendly total rewards package. We design our programs to reflect our commitment to an inclusive environment, while ensuring we provide benefits that meet the diverse needs of our employees.

KLA is proud to be an equal opportunity employer

Be aware of potentially fraudulent job postings or suspicious recruiting activity by persons that are currently posing as KLA employees. KLA never asks for any financial compensation to be considered for an interview, to become an employee, or for equipment. Further, KLA does not work with any recruiters or third parties who charge such fees either directly or on behalf of KLA. Please ensure that you have searched KLA’s Careers website for legitimate job postings. KLA follows a recruiting process that involves multiple interviews in person or on video conferencing with our hiring managers. If you are concerned that a communication, an interview, an offer of employment, or that an employee is not legitimate, please send an email to talent.acquisition@kla.com to confirm the person you are communicating with is an employee. We take your privacy very seriously and confidentially handle your information.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Semiconductor Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at KLA by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Principal Process Engineer, Etch
Principal Process Engineer, Etch
KLA
Newport, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Senior Staff Applications Engineer
Senior Staff Applications Engineer
Semtech
Bristol, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Principal Product Engineer
Principal Product Engineer
Graphcore
Bristol, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Application Engineer - MEAT Packaging
Application Engineer - MEAT Packaging
Amcor
Bristol, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
PVD Applications Engineer
PVD Applications Engineer
KLA
Newport, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Manufacturing Systems Engineer – Applications Specialist
Manufacturing Systems Engineer – Applications Specialist
ABB
Stonehouse, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Staff Manufacturing Product Engineer
Staff Manufacturing Product Engineer

Graphcore

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Principal Research Engineer - Process Development, Additive Manufacturing
Principal Research Engineer - Process Development, Additive Manufacturing

GKN Aerospace

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Senior Process Design & Development Engineer
Senior Process Design & Development Engineer

Renishaw

Wotton-Under-Edge, England, United Kingdom
£45,000 - £48,000
5 hours ago
ME Industrial Leader for Supplier Support
ME Industrial Leader for Supplier Support

Airbus

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Lead Systems Analysis Engineer/ Principal Engineer
Lead Systems Analysis Engineer/ Principal Engineer

Moog Inc.

Tewkesbury, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Principal Test Development Engineer
Principal Test Development Engineer

MBDA

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Field Applications Engineer – UK
Field Applications Engineer – UK

TrellisWare Technologies

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
PVD Senior Process Engineer (E)
PVD Senior Process Engineer (E)

KLA

Newport, England, United Kingdom
13 hours ago
Metrology Equipment Engineer
Metrology Equipment Engineer

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Newport, Wales, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Principal Systems Engineer
Principal Systems Engineer

Leonardo

Bristol, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Application Development Engineer jobs
1,183 open jobs
Senior Oracle Consultant jobs
95 open jobs
Principal Design Engineer jobs
834 open jobs
Teradata Developer jobs
115 open jobs
Security Software Engineer jobs
2,309 open jobs
Peoplesoft Developer jobs
406 open jobs
Signal Integrity Engineer jobs
170 open jobs
Principal Technical Architect jobs
549 open jobs
Senior Application Engineer jobs
3,373 open jobs
Oracle Technical Consultant jobs
420 open jobs
Director of Electrical Engineering jobs
91 open jobs
Analog Engineer jobs
943 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at KLA
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.