Title: Senior Engineer, Advanced Packaging Integration EngineeringSingapore, SingaporePosted 5 months ago
Company: Micron Technology, Inc.
Location: Singapore, Singapore
URL: https://micron.eightfold.ai/careers/job/38445018
Posted: 2023-05-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: Matches domain of advanced packaging and is a senior-level role at a semiconductor company.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

Single Position
Change the world through innovation
View All Jobs
Senior Engineer, Advanced Packaging Integration Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Apply Now
Add to cart
Find out how well you match with this job
Upload your resume
Job description
Company and benefits
Job ID
JR83755

Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing.

Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all. Join a world-class global team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation to enable high value technology driven solutions for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in supercomputing and artificial intelligence possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing.

We are currently experiencing a ground-breaking period in artificial intelligence (AI), where AI is anticipated to become an integral component of daily life. This proliferation is being fueled by advances in memory and compute technologies. High bandwidth memory (HBM) is at the forefront of these innovations. Micron’s Advanced Packaging Technology Development (APTD) is responsible to deliver package development for high performance memory products and transfer to manufacturing.

We are looking for an Advanced Packaging Integration Engineer to join our Advanced Packaging Technology Development (APTD) team!

Your responsibilities include but are not limited to developing and enabling deployment of advanced packaging technologies to meet performance, cost, manufacturability, quality, reliability and schedule requirements. You will also be required to identify, diagnose, and propose yield related breakthroughs. You will have opportunity to work with peers and partners across organizations to coordinate the development and launch of new technologies and integration flows for solutions that drive the future.

Key responsibilities and duties include:

Technology Development:

Develop and enable advanced package technology for various post-fab wafer finish and assembly processes
Focus on improving product quality, driving yield improvements, reducing costs, and enhancing productivity
Integrate semiconductors while partnering with process and product engineering teams

Yield Improvement:

Achieve and improve yields through silicon package integration innovation, not limited to layout/design or process margin improvements
Collect and analyze data to provide actionable outcomes and decisions for layout, design, or integration flow changes
Work with Probe, Yield Analysis, Test, and Product Engineering teams to drive improvements

Quality Improvement:

Ensure defense coverage through process, measurement, inspection, and testing
Establish correlations between defense mechanisms to identify improvement opportunities
Conduct continuous data analysis to establish advanced controls and identify improvement opportunities

Collaboration and Coordination:

Work closely with internal and external stakeholders to build and execute technology development strategies aligned with organizational and business objectives
Work closely with various teams, including the PWF Engineering, Assembly Engineering, Front End Wafer Fab, Assembly/Test Engineering, Product Engineering, and Global Quality, to integrate manufacturing processes for optimal performance and quality control
Ensure smooth transition from new product development, qualification, small volume production to high volume production
Provide Process Of Record (POR) and Model Of Record (MOR) documentation for product transfer to production High Volume Manufacturing Fabrication facilities

Requirements

B.S/M.S./Ph.D. (or equivalent education) in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Physics, Material, or other related technical fields
2 or more years of semiconductor process integration experience, preferably with know-how to develop and enable advanced package technology for post-fab wafer finish and assembly processes
Proficiency in Python, R, SQL for statistical analysis, process modeling, and data analytics.
Experience with Visual Basic for automation and tool integration.
Familiarity with E3, FDC (Fault Detection and Classification), and RMS (Recipe Management System) for equipment and process control.
Strong data analytics capabilities to support SPC, DOE, defect analysis, and dashboarding.
Strong understanding of process flows, process interactions, and ability to integrate semiconductors while partnering with process and product engineering team
Ability to resolve complex issues through root-cause or model-based problem solving
Tenacity to work effectively under timelines and limited resources
Consistent track record to solve problems and address root causes

About Micron Technology, Inc.

We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.

To learn more, please visit micron.com/careers

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact hrsupport_sg@micron.com

Micron Prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and other international and industry labor standards.

Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron.

AI alert: Candidates are encouraged to use AI tools to enhance their resume and/or application materials. However, all information provided must be accurate and reflect the candidate's true skills and experiences. Misuse of AI to fabricate or misrepresent qualifications will result in immediate disqualification.   

Fraud alert: Micron advises job seekers to be cautious of unsolicited job offers and to verify the authenticity of any communication claiming to be from Micron by checking the official Micron careers website in the About Micron Technology, Inc.

Micron Foundation

Strong communities and education are vital to the success of both society and innovative companies. Every Micron site understands the complex needs of their local community. Whether it’s through strategic giving, sponsorships or deploying team member volunteers, we are making a difference.


Sustainability

Micron is committed to sustainable practices and supporting our global community. We are building and maintaining sustainable operations, products, and communities while focusing on opportunities and risks that are most important to our business success and stakeholders.


Insights from previous hires
Years of experience
Less than 2 years
2 - 4 years
4 - 8 years
8+ years
Top skills
Analysis
Analytics
Communication
AutoCAD
Adaptability
Critical Thinking
Assembly Language
Analytical Thinking
Design
Data Analysis
Previously worked at
Previously worked as
1. Senior Process Engineer
2. Senior Engineer
3. Lead Engineer
4. Principal Engineer
5. Engineer
Similar jobs
Principal/Senior Engineer, APTD CEM - Advanced Packaging Integration Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 8 months ago
Engineer, APTD CEM - Advanced Packaging Integration Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 5 months ago
Senior Manager/ Manager, Advanced Packaging Technology Development - Package Integration
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 9 months ago
Principal/Senior Engineer, APTD CEM - Advanced Packaging Die Level Technology Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 9 months ago
Principal/Senior Engineer, APTD CEM - Advanced Packaging Wafer Level Technology Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 9 months ago
Engineer, APTD CEM - Advanced Packaging Die Level Technology Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 4 months ago
Engineer, APTD CEM – Advanced Packaging Wafer Level Technology Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 5 months ago
Sr Engineer, Advanced Packaging Design Enablement Engineering (APDEE)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Posted 2 months ago
Engineer, APTD CEM - Advanced Packaging Equipment Engineering
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 5 months ago
Senior Engineer, Process Integration, Advanced NAND
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 8 months ago

Powered by  
 eightfold.ai #WhatsNextForYou