Title: OCT DE Mfg. Alignment (MA) Sr Engineer/Principal EngineerSingapore, SingaporePosted 7 days ago
Company: Micron Technology, Inc.
Location: Singapore, Singapore
URL: https://micron.eightfold.ai/careers/job/43071863
Posted: 2026-07-15
Deadline: N/A
Reason: Senior/Principal level position in Manufacturing Alignment, which aligns with Vineeth's Power Integrity and Advanced Packaging background

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

Single Position
Change the world through innovation
View All Jobs
OCT DE Mfg. Alignment (MA) Sr Engineer/Principal Engineer
Singapore, Singapore
Apply Now
Add to cart
Find out how well you match with this job
Upload your resume
Job description
Company and benefits
Job ID
JR105899

Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing.

Development and execution of alignment programs

Develop and implement alignment programs with TPM core teams and task force teams across the network to drive BKM alignment and network standardization to improve efficiency and performance in each of the Pillars.
For improvements in scale, identifying and driving improvements in Tool Utilization to meet BIC standards including elimination of low utilization tools in Micron, generation of globally aligned cold/warm idle shutdown of tools when not in need to generate OPEX and CAPEX savings, and resolving Tool POR-MOR gaps on major volume, with aligned BKMs implemented across the network & PDM updated.
For Speed this will include execution of Early-Stage Transfer Alignment (ESTA) to drive BKM sharing between technologies, process recipe alignment and identification and alignment of BKMs to improve machine mismatch and defect performance.
For Quality this will include alignment of PM Procedures, for shared workstations, Post Maintenance Qualifications, Scrap reduction and GDM recurrence prevention.
For Cost this will include performing Power Walks to understand practices across the network and development of methodology and system improvements to drive labor efficiency and driving cost improvements through activities such as PM parts frequency alignment to reduce OPEX spending.
For People this will include TLP development programs and Engage/Voice improvements.
For each program develop and tie matrices to measure the effectiveness of the programs.
Put in place and implement organizational change for changes to existing procedures & new PM procedures.

Standardization of practices & BKMs in Process Areas

Lead global area and TPM core alignment teams to address chronic issues, drive improvements & eliminate wastes.
Lead closure of Area level alignment projects such as those identified by TPM Forums, GDM Repeats, copy smart exemptions from transfer and MAE prioritization to close gaps to defined standardization BKMs.
Work closely with CPEE counterparts to define technical path to closure (aligned direction), and channel improvements and lessons learned into global area forums to decide on standards for deployment, implementation, and audit.
Drive implementation plans (to schedule) for your process area/point of operation and define metrics to measure success and improvements in performance from the implementation.
Create a library of area level BKMs for Equipment & Process Engineers to search for standards involving the setup of Equipment & associated processes.
Report progress to closure and performance improvement to site leadership, OCT, TD

TPM Core Team Alignment

Work with OCT TPM coordinator at your site to train, coach, mentor and prioritize work for your area TPM core teams.
Work with OCT TPM coordinator at your site to ensure certification of core teams to each step standards.
Consolidate BKMs identified by TPM core teams in your area of responsibility monthly and provide work with MCT TPM coordinator to assign to appropriate Area Steering and Core Teams
Attend TPM Core/Steering team meetings as needed to introduce BKMs from other sites for alignment and coach on implementation requirements.
Track/Drive TPM core team network alignment to workstation BKMs
Work with OCT TPM coordinators to resolve misalignment and advance to CPEE when network alignment decision is needed.
Establish library of workstation level BKMs across the network that have been aligned and supervise and drive BKM alignment status for your assigned site/core teams.

SEAL System BKM deployment & Sustainment

Partner with customers and IT teams to develop systems that drive Evolving Rule and System Based Operation to improve interpersonal efficiency and performance (SEAL Standardized Systems)
Become experienced in assigned SEAL Standardized System requirements and expectations to improve quality of implementation at area level by coaching and training BKM implementation requirements to the area.
Define area implementation plans with the Task Force Team Lead, Task Force Team Area Champion, and Area leadership at site and hold team accountable to meeting implementation plans.
Conduct real time assessment of how assigned SEAL Standardized System BKM implementations are progressing identify and close gaps to target adoption of the system.
Perform BKM Audit/Assessments for implemented SEAL Standardized Systems that impact process areas and manage closure of gaps identified.
Analyze data, interview area team members, and report findings from audit and drive actions from Audit/Assessment to closure at each site within their process area.
Identify and remove duplicate systems and procedures in conflict with the agreed upon SEAL Standardized system to improve the efficiency in the area.
Drive system implementation to meet implementation timelines, expected adoption and successfully delivering standardization to achieve the value of the system from the audits.

Demonstrate Leadership

Active coaching and leadership of projects. Ensure activities are well coordinated and productive.
Provide technical support and guidance for BKM implementation in your area(s) of responsibility.
Create strong morale and team spirit, share wins and successes, foster open dialog, acknowledge team dynamics, build on positive relationships, and address negative ones.
Work with the Fab groups and the Central Team to maintain alignment in your area(s) of responsibility.

Communication 

Attend area DAM meetings and update on daily plans for alignment activity to ensure coordination with daily operation priorities.
Attend weekly Area Risk Assessment Control Board Meetings to provide recommendations on change points and assess for opportunity for worldwide sharing.
Report monthly to Area on status and progress for all alignment activity.
Regularly maintain alignment on alignment activity direction with OCT Alignment Manager and Site Area manager.
Maintain a strong and open relationship within your functional area and appropriate team members in other functional areas such as Process Integration Engineering, Quality Systems, Production Operations Management, and Purchasing.
Promote worldwide sharing and transfer of area-specific domain knowledge.
Communicate and respond to issues in a timely manner, with a cadence appropriate to the priority of the issue.
Keep partners and team members advised of project status, progress, and roadblocks/opportunities.

Training and Development 

Keep up to date on current Fab manufacturing processing for both R& D and manufacturing.
Stay ahead of business practices at each site in your area(s) of responsibility.
Hold self and others accountable for meeting goals and action items from projects, meetings, and conversations.
Set personal development and performance goals that are clear, measurable and in line with department and goals of the company.
Use coaches/mentors to develop skills needed to take next steps in your career progression.
Organize and apply time and resources optimally.
Constantly evaluate self, approach, and goals.
Demonstrate a commitment to quality in work.
Complete assignments in an accurate, thorough, and timely manner.
Display self-motivation/initiative to complete work, training, or projects.

Safety 

Maintain knowledge of equipment and area materials safety concerns in area of focus.

Proficiency in Artificial Intelligence

Ability to apply baseline digital fluency and role‑appropriate AI literacy to use AI‑enabled tools responsibly and effectively for research, analysis, content creation, problem‑solving, operational tasks, and achieving business outcomes

About Micron Technology, Inc.

We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.

To learn more, please visit micron.com/careers

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact hrsupport_sg@micron.com

Micron Prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and other international and industry labor standards.

Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron.

AI alert: Candidates are encouraged to use AI tools to enhance their resume and/or application materials. However, all information provided must be accurate and reflect the candidate's true skills and experiences. Misuse of AI to fabricate or misrepresent qualifications will result in immediate disqualification.   

Fraud alert: Micron advises job seekers to be cautious of unsolicited job offers and to verify the authenticity of any communication claiming to be from Micron by checking the official Micron careers website in the About Micron Technology, Inc.

Micron Foundation

Strong communities and education are vital to the success of both society and innovative companies. Every Micron site understands the complex needs of their local community. Whether it’s through strategic giving, sponsorships or deploying team member volunteers, we are making a difference.


Sustainability

Micron is committed to sustainable practices and supporting our global community. We are building and maintaining sustainable operations, products, and communities while focusing on opportunities and risks that are most important to our business success and stakeholders.


Insights from previous hires
Years of experience
Less than 2 years
2 - 4 years
4 - 8 years
8+ years
Top skills
Metrology
Previously worked at
Previously worked as
1. Engineer
2. Senior Engineer
3. Principal Engineer
4. Engineering Manager
5. Lead Engineer
Similar jobs
OCT PCVD Mfg. Alignment (MA) Sr Engineer/Principal Engineer
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 23 days ago
OCT WET Mfg. Alignment (MA) Sr Engineer/Principal Engineer
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 7 days ago
OCT PH Mfg. Alignment (MA) Engineer/Sr Engineer/Principal Engineer
Boise, Idaho, United States of America
Posted a month ago
OCT CMP Mfg. Alignment (MA) Engineer/Sr Engineer
Taichung City, Taichung City, Taiwan
Posted 20 hours ago
OCT Photo Mfg. Alignment (MA) Engineer/Sr Engineer
Taichung City, Taichung City, Taiwan
Posted a month ago
SR/PRINCIPAL ENGINEER, FE CPIE RAM QUALITY and OPNS ENGINEERING
Taichung City, Taichung City, Taiwan + 1 more
Posted 3 months ago
SR ENGINEER/ PRINCIPAL ENGINEER, FE CPIE RAM (RDA & METROLOGY) DETECTION
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 4 months ago
Dry Etch MTS/Principal Engineer, Process Development SG, Advanced NAND
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 6 months ago
Senior/Staff Engineer, HIG-HBM Product Engineering (Media Health Manufacturing)
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 4 months ago
Front End Central Product Integration (FE cPIE) Principal Engineer/Senior Manager
Singapore, Singapore
Posted 3 months ago

Powered by  
 eightfold.ai #WhatsNextForYou