Title: Power Delivery and Power Integrity Architect
Company: Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Location: Santa Clara, California, United States of America
URL: https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d9a1516e842c3872
Posted: N/A
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is an Architect position focused on Power Delivery and PI, aligning with Vineeth's technical background.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

Skip to main content
Our Company
Our Business
Search for Jobs
Join Talent Network
FAQs
Profile
English
Sign In
Single Position
View All Jobs
Power Delivery and Power Integrity Architect
Santa Clara, California, United States of America
 
+1 more
Apply Now
Add to Job Cart
Find out how well you match with this job
Upload your resume
Job description
Company and benefits
Job ID
3093800

Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Systems Engineering

General Summary:

Qualcomm Data Center team is developing High performance, Energy efficient server solution for data center applications. We are looking for highly talented, innovative, teamwork-oriented individuals for our cutting-edge technology work!

Our Mission
We are dedicated to transforming the industry by reimagining silicon and developing next-generation server/compute platforms. By joining our team, you’ll collaborate with world-class engineers to create innovative server solutions that push the limits of performance, energy efficiency, and scalability. Our focus is on developing reference platforms based on Qualcomm's Snapdragon SoC, delivering a comprehensive solution that includes hardware, software, reference designs, user guides, SDKs, and more.

Position: Power Delivery and Power Integrity Architect

As an experienced Power delivery and power Integrity Architect (individual contributor), you will work closely with the platform team and collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software, firmware, circuit-design, packaging, platform engineering, memory vendors, product management, and component suppliers. You will lead the definition, analysis, simulation, and verification of end-to-end power delivery and power integrity (PI) solutions from die to system level—establishing droop targets, resonance phenomenon, designing and implementing the power distribution network (PDN), and validating PDN quality through lab measurements. Expected to define technical roadmaps, influence cross-organizational strategy, and serve as a subject matter expert for Power Delivery across Qualcomm Data Center platforms.

Key Responsibilities

Collaborate with SoC, firmware/software, memory vendors, component suppliers, packaging, platform engineering, and system design teams to define and implement power architectures that meet internal and customer requirements.
Lead voltage regulator (VR) design specification, selection, and co-development with VR suppliers
Develop E2E VR + PDN simulation flows to reduce time to market
Perform PDN modeling, simulation, and characterization for SoC, package, PCB, VRs, and LDOs.
Provide PI-driven feedback to SoC design teams to influence decap, package, and power rail architecture.
Create Power maps, Power tree and power-flow diagrams, power budgets from die- to system-level.
Develop and provide implementation and system efficiency guidelines.
Conduct IR Drop, AC, and transient simulations and provide model-to-hardware correlations.
Define module interfaces and formats for simulation and customer guidelines.
Lead PI model creation, end-to-end PI simulations (thermal-aware), and final design development taking into account effects of heat sinks and temperature effects.
Leverage ML/AI-assisted simulation techniques to streamline and automate design and analysis workflows from die to regulators."
Prepare and present technical documentation and reports to stakeholders, including engineering teams, senior management, customers, and suppliers.
Engage with customers and OEM partners to provide power delivery architecture guidance, PDN design guidelines, and bring-up support.
Troubleshoot system performance and identify areas for improvements

Qualifications

Master's degree in Electrical Engineering or related field; experience in Power Delivery preferred
Strong experience in Power Integrity (PI).
8+ years of experience in Power delivery, board level VR design, PI analysis, simulation, and PDN measurements.
Strong understanding of PI fundamentals, power supply architectures, voltage regulator technologies, chip supply design, and PDNs.
Experience developing PI methodologies and PDN modeling from die to system, with model correlation and lab validation.
Experience with server, HPC, or data center platform power delivery preferred.
Experience with multi-phase VR design/selection 
Proficiency in PI simulation tools (e.g., Simplis/Simetrix, ADS, ANSYS SIwave, HFSS and Cadence Sigrity PowerDC/PowerSI).
Hands-on experience creating complex PI models and simulations.
Proficiency with Unix/Linux environments and EDA tools using scripting.
Knowledge of packaging and PCB technologies, design, and manufacturing processes.
Knowledge of resonances, droops, IR Drop, cooling, temperature effects, and power consumptions.
Familiarity with 2.5D/3D packaging technologies, including CoWoS, InFo, EMIB, and RDL.
Strong experience in VR lab validation
Experience with electrical validation and compliance testing tools (VNAs, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, TDR, differential probes).
Proven ability to work independently and collaboratively within a cross-functional team environment.
Strong technical documentation skills and excellent written and verbal communication.

Preferred Qualifications

Ph.D. in Electrical or Computer Engineering, specializing in Power Delivery.
10+ years of experience in Power conversion, PI analysis, simulation, and PDN measurements.
Experience with AI/ML-accelerated computing platforms and their unique power delivery challenges (e.g., large transient currents, high-bandwidth memory power integrity).
Strong knowledge of voltage regulator (VR) design principles and system-level performance.
Familiarity with open compute / hyperscale server reference designs 
Expertise in PDN related EM analysis.
Experience with package and PCB design tools (e.g., Cadence Allegro, Sip).
Proficiency in scripting languages (MATLAB, Perl, Python).

Minimum Qualifications:

•    Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field and 6+ years of Systems Engineering or related work experience.
OR
Master's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field and 5+ years of Systems Engineering or related work experience.
OR
PhD in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field and 4+ years of Systems Engineering or related work experience.

Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer. If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, rest assured that Qualcomm is committed to providing an accessible process. You may e-mail disability-accomodations@qualcomm.com or call Qualcomm's toll-free number found here. Upon request, Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. (Keep in mind that this email address is used to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. We will not respond here to requests for updates on applications or resume inquiries).

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.

Qualcomm expects its employees to abide by all applicable policies and procedures, including but not limited to security and other requirements regarding protection of Company confidential information and other confidential and/or proprietary information, to the extent those requirements are permissible under applicable law.

Pay range and Other Compensation & Benefits:

$180,500.00 - $270,700.00

The above pay scale reflects the broad, minimum to maximum, pay scale for this job code for the location for which it has been posted. Even more importantly, please note that salary is only one component of total compensation at Qualcomm.  We also offer a competitive annual discretionary bonus program and opportunity for annual RSU grants (employees on sales-incentive plans are not eligible for our annual bonus).  In addition, our highly competitive benefits package is designed to support your success at work, at home, and at play. Your recruiter will be happy to discuss all that Qualcomm has to offer – and you can review more details about our US benefits at this link.

If you would like more information about this role, please contact Qualcomm Careers.

Insights from previous hires
Top skills
Communication Engineering
Design
Previously worked at
Previously worked as
1. Engineer
2. Associate Engineer
3. Senior Engineer
4. Principal Engineer
5. Lead Engineer
Similar jobs
Signal and Power Integrity Engineer, Staff
San Diego, California, United States of America
Packaging Engineering
Posted 18 days ago
Package/System Design Solution Engineer, Up to Senior
Hsinchu City, Taiwan
Packaging Engineering
Posted 21 days ago
Hardware Board Design Engineer
Santa Clara, California, United States of America
Systems Engineering
Posted a month ago
Power Delivery and Voltage Regulator Validation Engineer – Datacenter
Santa Clara, California, United States of America + 1 more
Systems Engineering
Posted 15 days ago
3D Memory Chip Architect and Design, Principal Engineer
San Diego, California, United States of America
ASICS Engineering
Posted 24 days ago
Package/System Design Engineer (PMIC SIP and Module)
Hsinchu City, Taiwan
Packaging Engineering
Posted 21 days ago
Senior Staff/Principal Reliability Engineer
San Diego, California, United States of America
Reliability Development Engineering
Posted 18 days ago
Power Management Systems Design and Verification Engineer
San Diego, California, United States of America
PMIC Systems
Posted 3 days ago
Staff Bench Test Engineer
Santa Clara, California, United States of America
Hardware Engineering
Posted a month ago
DDR PHY System Design Engineer (San Diego, US)
San Diego, California, United States of America
ASICS Engineering
Posted a month ago

Powered by  
 eightfold.ai #WhatsNextForYou