Title: Staff Analog Engineer
Company: Renesas Electronics
Location: Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/staff-analog-engineer-at-renesas-electronics-4387425122
Posted: 2026-06-15
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: Matches Domain & Technical Area (Analog Design) and Leadership Role Exception criteria.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Staff Analog Engineer
Renesas Electronics  Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
1 week ago  27 applicants
  

See who Renesas Electronics has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Company Description

Renesas is one of the top global semiconductor companies in the world. We strive to develop a safer, healthier, greener, and smarter world, and our goal is to make every endpoint intelligent by offering product solutions in the automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT markets. Our robust product portfolio includes world-leading MCUs, SoCs, analog and power products, plus Winning Combination solutions that curate these complementary products. We are a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of electronics you rely on every day; you may not see our products, but they are all around you.

Job Description


Design and verify CMOS major analog blocks for custom ASICs to meet performance, area, power and timescale constraints.
Take technical leadership of full-chip or major system level blocks and drive projects from specification to production ramp.
Collaborate with analogue and digital leads to achieve system and design strategy for custom ASICs and drive layout team to high quality physical implementation.
Produce high quality documentation for designed circuits.
Work closely with DFT engineers to ensure alignment to DFT strategy and implementation.
Drive silicon debugging and design characterisation.
Work with test and product engineers to support test development and ramp to production.
Take a proactive approach to driving own development plan, utilising team members and internal development opportunities.
Maintain technical project involvement at principal level and drive consistent methodology engagement across the team.
Design and verify analog block-level, sub-system and chip-level circuits to meet the functional and performance specifications of custom mixed-signal ASICs.
Lead a group of engineers technically to deliver a given block on time.
Translate customer requirements into design specifications and design solutions.


Qualifications


Degree level qualification in Electronics/Microelectronics Engineering or a related discipline is required
8+ years of relevant analog circuit design experience.
Hands-on experience in the design and verification of a wide number of analogue circuit blocks such as amplifiers, oscillators, LDOs, comparators, reference/biasing circuits, PMIC and audio sub-blocks
Experience in leading the development of switching converter or audio systems.
Ability to lead a team and deliver chip level solutions through collaboration with analogue, digital, verification, layout, applications and test teams.
Experience of chip-level verification including AMS and DMS.
Strong competence with EDA design tools and the Cadence design environment.
Enforce common methodology across whole team.
Ability to make good judgement in selecting method and techniques for obtaining solutions.
Able to confidently share own expertise and work with others.
Ability to propose innovative solutions.
Ability to make significant contributions to projects, programs and business initiatives with creativity and ingenuity.
Ability to support and mentor less experienced team members.
Cross cultural awareness and sensitivity.
Results-oriented and able to deliver on-time under tight schedule.
Ability to work both independently and part of a team.
Flexibility to undertake occasional international travel at short notice.
Excellent command of verbal and written English.
Concise and precise communication and presentation skills within multi-site and multi-cultural environment.


Additional Information

Renesas is an embedded semiconductor solution provider driven by its Purpose ‘To Make Our Lives Easier.’ As the industry’s leading expert in embedded processing with unmatched quality and system-level know-how, we have evolved to provide scalable and comprehensive semiconductor solutions for automotive, industrial, infrastructure, and IoT industries based on the broadest product portfolio, including High Performance Computing, Embedded Processing, Analog & Connectivity, and Power.

With a diverse team of over 21,000 professionals in more than 30 countries, we continue to expand our boundaries to offer enhanced user experiences through digitalization and usher into a new era of innovation. We design and develop sustainable, power-efficient solutions today that help people and communities thrive tomorrow, ‘To Make Our Lives Easier.’

At Renesas, You Can


Launch and advance your career in technical and business roles across four Product Groups and various corporate functions. You will have the opportunities to explore our hardware and software capabilities and try new things.
Make a real impact by developing innovative products and solutions to meet our global customers' evolving needs and help make people’s lives easier, safe and secure.
Maximize your performance and wellbeing in our flexible and inclusive work environment. Our people-first culture and global support system, including the remote work option and Employee Resource Groups, will help you excel from the first day.


Are you ready to own your success and make your mark?

Join Renesas. Let’s Shape the Future together.

Renesas Electronics is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, committed to supporting diversity and fostering a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. For more information, please read our Diversity & Inclusion Statement.

We have adopted a hybrid model that gives employees the ability to work remotely two days a week while ensuring that we come together as a team in the office the rest of the time. The designated in-office days are Tuesday through Thursday for innovation, collaboration and continuous learning.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering
Industries
Semiconductors
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Renesas Electronics by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Senior Analog Engineer (f/m/d)
Senior Analog Engineer (f/m/d)
Renesas Electronics
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
3 days ago
Analog Design Engineer (DG)
Analog Design Engineer (DG)
Cirrus Logic
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
10 hours ago
Senior Analog Design Engineer
Senior Analog Design Engineer
Allegro MicroSystems
Musselburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
3 days ago
Principal Analog IC Design Engineer – ADC
Principal Analog IC Design Engineer – ADC
IC Resources
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Principal Analog IC Design Engineer - ADC
Principal Analog IC Design Engineer - ADC
IC Resources
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
£70,000 - £110,000
1 week ago
Analog Design Engineer (AP)
Analog Design Engineer (AP)
Cirrus Logic
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Research Fellow in Emerging Semiconductor Technologies
Research Fellow in Emerging Semiconductor Technologies

The University of Edinburgh

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Head of Hardware
Head of Hardware

Ember

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
1 month ago
KTP Associate – Semiconductor Device Engineer
KTP Associate – Semiconductor Device Engineer

Heriot-Watt University

Riccarton, Scotland, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Senior Test Development Engineer
Senior Test Development Engineer

hackajob

Glenrothes, Scotland, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Lead Cable Design Engineer
Lead Cable Design Engineer

Arup

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Electrical Engineer
Electrical Engineer

EDF (UK)

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Principal RF Engineer
Principal RF Engineer

Spire

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Senior Principal Digital Front- End Design Engineer
Senior Principal Digital Front- End Design Engineer

Software Placements

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Senior / Principal BESS Engineer - Renewables
Senior / Principal BESS Engineer - Renewables

Mott MacDonald

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Electrical Design Engineer (Experienced, Senior, Principal or Senior Principal) - Energy
Electrical Design Engineer (Experienced, Senior, Principal or Senior Principal) - Energy

Stantec

Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
2 days ago
Similar Searches
Design Engineer jobs
17,242 open jobs
Analog Engineer jobs
943 open jobs
Analog Design Engineer jobs
868 open jobs
Analog Designer jobs
51 open jobs
Circuit Design Engineer jobs
952 open jobs
Signal Integrity Engineer jobs
170 open jobs
Senior Layout Engineer jobs
55 open jobs
Layout Engineer jobs
3,987 open jobs
Patent Engineer jobs
47 open jobs
Signal Engineer jobs
5,000 open jobs
Design Verification Engineer jobs
496 open jobs
Digital Design Engineer jobs
1,481 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Renesas Electronics
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.