Title: Head of Semiconductor Engineering
Company: Stellantis
Location: Auburn Hills, MI
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-semiconductor-engineering-at-stellantis-4446564132
Posted: 2026-07-29
Deadline: N/A
Reason: Senior Leadership role with semiconductor focus, good match for Vineeth's background and experience

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Head of Semiconductor Engineering
Stellantis  Auburn Hills, MI
1 hour ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Stellantis has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
The Head of Semiconductor Engineering leads the semiconductor strategy and technology integration for Stellantis vehicle platforms, managing a team and maintaining technical partnerships with our key semiconductor suppliers. We are looking for a qualified leader with extensive semiconductor and hardware design experience, as well as a strong background in electronic development process and automotive semiconductor ecosystem. Along with the team you will lead and build, you will drive key decisions on MCU, MPU, SoC, sensors, memory, connectivity, and power IC roadmap definition. The key deliverable is to launch world leading hardware platform products that exceed all current and future technology challenges, in the drive to achieve truly software defined Vehicles.

We are looking for an accomplished technology veteran and product innovation leader with a background in semiconductor industry, as well as electronic hardware designs able to deliver state-of-the-art platforms that allow hardware evolution decoupled from Software with an Agile approach. The position’s responsibilities include personnel management, multi-million-dollar program development, internal reporting, network management, support and mentorship of engineering team in engineering related matters, and quality control of automotive grade HW & SW product deliverables.

Responsibilities


Willing to act and drive results.
Define and support the integration of the main semiconductors used in our Electronic Control Unit.
Guide hardware engineering teams in defining, designing, and integrating our semiconductor technology and roadmap strategy.
Establish semiconductor technology and ecosystem capabilities to enhance our control and ownership of HW development.
Develop outstanding relationships with product peers and engineering, research, business, design, and functional domain teams to design and manage semiconductor strategy.
Build strategic relationships with key semiconductor suppliers and ecosystem stakeholders with strategic influence in their product roadmap direction.
Lead key Semiconductor governance decisions in collaboration with internal stakeholders to optimize key business goals and enhance our control over critical EE components.
Relentlessly drive to early life cycle delivery through an agile approach.
Establish and conduct collaboration opportunities with semiconductor design external partners.
Facilitate research, design, development, and engineering skill development for the team.
Supervision of engineers, contractors, interns and external partners in the team.
Responsible for the recruitment of personnel.
Develop a culture of collaboration, diversity and inclusion.


Basic Qualifications


A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, or a related field.
A minimum of 10 years of related experience
A minimum of 5 years of industry experience in hardware design or electrical engineering roles.
A minimum of 8 years of experience in the semiconductor industry.
Experience in people management across global regions.
Track record of delivering business and technology results for complex, cross-functional initiatives while managing multiple competing priorities.
Proven hands-on experience in complex (SoC, MCU, MPU, Memory, Connectivity, etc) semiconductor development, engineering or/and manufacturing.
Solid understanding of the most recent MPU/MCU/SOC architecture and compute trade-offs.
Familiar with the products of major chipset manufacturers for the automotive industry.
Advanced understanding of RTOS, I/O drivers and micro-controllers.


Preferred Qualifications


MBA or equivalent relevant business experience.
Working experience in the automotive Tier1s or OEM environment
Proven knowledge of E2E semiconductor ecosystem
Exhibits excellent, clear, and detail-oriented written and verbal communications on highly complex topics.
Proven success in building game-changing products in the automotive industry.
Expertise on cybersecurity for connected vehicles, and the design of secure systems.
Experienced in functional safety requirements (ISO 26262) and realization of fail operational systems.
Fluency in English is required, any other European language is an advantage


Our Benefits — Designed With You In Mind

Comprehensive Health & Well-being Coverage

From your very first day, you’ll have access to medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage — ensuring you and your family stay healthy and protected. Also, our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) offers confidential support for personal and professional challenges, always ready when you need it.

Family Building Benefit

We proudly support all paths to parenthood- including fertility and infertility treatments, adoption services, and gestational surrogacy.

Generous Paid Time Off

We believe in work-life balance. That’s why we offer: 17+ paid holidays, including shut-down from December 24th through New Years Day every year. Vacation, float & wellbeing days, sick time and fully paid parental leave when your family needs you most.

Competitive Retirement Savings Plans

We Help You Plan For The Future With


An employer match on contributions to your 401k, Roth, and Catch-Up plans
An employer contribution, even if you don’t contribute


Income Protection & Insurance Options

Benefit from both employer-provided and voluntary plan offerings, including life insurance, group accident, critical illness, etc. - supporting the needs of you and your family and ensuring peace of mind.

Company Vehicle Lease Program

Eligible employees and their immediate families can participate in the company vehicle lease program, providing access to Stellantis vehicles with insurance, maintenance, and unlimited miles included. Plus, take advantage of exclusive discounts on Stellantis products.

Support for Your Growth and Giving Back

We believe in investing in your future and your passions:


Tuition reimbursement
Student loan refinancing programs
18 paid volunteer hours each year to make a difference in your community


And so much more!

When you join us, you’re not just building a career — you’re joining a company that supports you, inside and outside of work.

At Stellantis, we assess candidates based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. We welcome applications from all people without regard to sex, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, disability, or any characteristic protected by law. We believe that diverse teams reflect our identity as a global company, enabling us to better address the evolving needs of our customers and care for our future.

EOE / Disability / Veteran
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering
Industries
Automation Machinery Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Stellantis by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Head of Engineering jobs in Auburn Hills, MI.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Director, Sensor Engineering
Director, Sensor Engineering
Molex
Rochester Hills, MI
2 weeks ago
Global Engineering Process Lead, Sr. Manager
Global Engineering Process Lead, Sr. Manager
Vertiv
Novi, MI
4 days ago
Manufacturing Engineering Director
Manufacturing Engineering Director
Iron Mountain
Detroit, MI
1 week ago
Head of Engineering BU Electronics Americas
Head of Engineering BU Electronics Americas
Schaeffler
Auburn Hills, MI
1 week ago
Sr Manager - Mass Market Technical Leader - Americas
Sr Manager - Mass Market Technical Leader - Americas
NXP Semiconductors
Novi, MI
1 day ago
Director of Manufacturing Engineering - Connection Systems North America
Director of Manufacturing Engineering - Connection Systems North America
Aptiv
Troy, MI
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Advance Manufacturing Engineer
Advance Manufacturing Engineer

Molex

Rochester Hills, MI
1 week ago
Innovation Project Leader
Innovation Project Leader

Stellantis

Auburn Hills, MI
2 weeks ago
Field Application Engineer - Imaging
Field Application Engineer - Imaging

STMicroelectronics

Livonia, MI
5 days ago
Head of Development Drives (m/f/d)
Head of Development Drives (m/f/d)

Brose Group

Auburn Hills, MI
1 day ago
Principal Computer Hardware Engineer
Principal Computer Hardware Engineer

General Dynamics Land Systems

Sterling Heights, MI
1 month ago
Field Applications Engineer (FAE) - MPU and DNPU
Field Applications Engineer (FAE) - MPU and DNPU

NXP Semiconductors

Novi, MI
11 hours ago
Head of Development Drives (m/f/d)
Head of Development Drives (m/f/d)

Brose North America Inc

Auburn Hills, MI
1 month ago
Engineering Group Manager- Electrical Integration & Numerical Optimization
Engineering Group Manager- Electrical Integration & Numerical Optimization

General Motors

Milford, MI
2 weeks ago
Engineering Group Manager - Display Integration
Engineering Group Manager - Display Integration

General Motors

Warren, MI
6 days ago
Staff Hardware Engineer – DFx (Manufacturing, Test & Tooling)
Staff Hardware Engineer – DFx (Manufacturing, Test & Tooling)

General Motors

Warren, MI
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Vice President of Engineering jobs
4,076 open jobs
Head of Software jobs
11,509 open jobs
Head of Software Engineering jobs
10,064 open jobs
Director of Engineering jobs
19,030 open jobs
Vice President of Software Engineering jobs
2,017 open jobs
Senior Director of Engineering jobs
5,832 open jobs
Senior Engineering Manager jobs
17,824 open jobs
Engineering Department Manager jobs
4,566 open jobs
Technology Officer jobs
230,332 open jobs
Chief Design Engineer jobs
309 open jobs
Chief Project Engineer jobs
277 open jobs
Chief Technology Officer jobs
16,249 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Choices
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
You’re signed out
Sign in for the full experience.
Sign in Join now