Title: Device/Process Integration Engineer (R&D)
Company: Texas Instruments
Location: Lehi, UT
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/device-process-integration-engineer-r-d-at-texas-instruments-4400002736
Posted: 2026-06-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: 15+ years of experience, leadership role in Power Integrity and Advanced Packaging aligns with target domains.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Device/Process Integration Engineer (R&D)
Texas Instruments  Lehi, UT
2 days ago  83 applicants
  

See who Texas Instruments has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Job Description

Change the world. Love your job.

Texas Instruments is looking for an experienced engineer with a passion for process technology development. This position provides the opportunity to drive leading-edge technology development for our embedded and analog businesses. Our team is primarily focused on developing 28nm and 22nm process technologies in a state-of-the-art, growing 300mm analog and embedded wafer fab in Lehi, Utah.

The responsibilities of a Process Integration Engineer in this role include:


Apply semiconductor device physics and model-based problem solving to resolve complex integration issues through new processes and process-flow integration, driving parametric and yield improvements
Lead a team of engineers to develop a section of the process flow by defining process requirements, specifications, and scorecards to deliver the desired structural and parametric outcomes
Drive process and device improvements through characterization, test, design of experiments (DOE), data analysis, and simulation
Mentor engineers and share process-integration best-known methods (BKMs) for high‑k metal gate (HKMG) sub‑28nm nodes
Partner with process, integration, reliability, packaging, and test engineering teams to deliver program goals
Work closely with product groups to optimize process performance to meet critical final device parameters and enable differentiated products in the market


The person performing this role must be capable to plan effectively, drive schedules, meet critical deadlines on multiple tasks in parallel, lead technical discussions in their area of expertise, and work effectively across organizational boundaries. They must be able to clearly communicate project status and actions. Additionally, they must be able to interface with multiple organizations and work well on a diverse team to accomplish goals.

Qualifications

Minimum requirements:


Master’s in Electrical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering or a semiconductor-focused discipline (e.g., solid-state physics, applied physics, quantum mechanics, etc.)
10+ years working in a semiconductor factory environment, with specific experience developing MGHK advanced CMOS devices for next-generation technology nodes below 28nm
Demonstrated strength in DOE, data analysis, and translating learning into process and parametric improvements


Preferred Qualifications


Demonstrated ability to build strong working relationships with key stakeholders, internally and externally
Strong technical communication and cross-functional technical leadership skills
Ability to ramp quickly on new systems, tools, and processes
Strong interpersonal, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Proven ability to collaborate effectively across functions and within diverse teams
High ownership mindset: takes initiative and drives for results
Strong time-management and prioritization skills, with a track record of on-time project delivery
Demonstrated technical teacher/mentor with a track record of developing early-career engineers


About Us

Why TI?


Engineer your future. We empower our employees to truly own their career and development. Come collaborate with some of the smartest people in the world to shape the future of electronics.
We're different by design. Diverse backgrounds and perspectives are what push innovation forward and what make TI stronger. We value each and every voice, and look forward to hearing yours. Meet the people of TI
Benefits that benefit you. We offer competitive pay and benefits designed to help you and your family live your best life. Your well-being is important to us. Please find our country-specific benefits here


About Texas Instruments

Texas Instruments Incorporated (Nasdaq: TXN) is a global semiconductor company that designs, manufactures and sells analog and embedded processing chips for markets such as industrial, automotive, data center, personal electronics and communications equipment. At our core, we have a passion to create a better world by making electronics more affordable through semiconductors. This passion is alive today as each generation of innovation builds upon the last to make our technology more reliable, more affordable and lower power, making it possible for semiconductors to go into electronics everywhere. Learn more at TI.com .

Texas Instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse, inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, disability, genetic information, national origin, gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.

If you are interested in this position, please apply to this requisition.

About The Team

TI does not make recruiting or hiring decisions based on citizenship, immigration status or national origin. However, if TI determines that information access or export control restrictions based upon applicable laws and regulations would prohibit you from working in this position without first obtaining an export license, TI expressly reserves the right not to seek such a license for you and either offer you a different position that does not require an export license or decline to move forward with your employment.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Semiconductor Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Texas Instruments by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Process Integration Engineer jobs in Lehi, UT.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Device and Process Integration Engineer
Device and Process Integration Engineer
Texas Instruments
Lehi, UT
1 week ago
Dry Etch Process Development Engineer
Dry Etch Process Development Engineer
Texas Instruments
Lehi, UT
1 day ago
Senior Electrode R&D Engineer
Senior Electrode R&D Engineer
Blackrock Neurotech
Salt Lake City, UT
3 months ago
Photolithography Process Development Engineer (Advanced Patterning)
Photolithography Process Development Engineer (Advanced Patterning)
Texas Instruments
Lehi, UT
4 days ago
Associate Staff Engineer, New Product Development
Associate Staff Engineer, New Product Development
BD
Sandy, UT
1 month ago
R&D Engineer (Coatings)
R&D Engineer (Coatings)
Scientia Vascular
West Valley City, UT
$95,000 - $105,000
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Process Engineer
Process Engineer

Danone

West Jordan, UT
1 week ago
Senior Insert Molding Engineer II
Senior Insert Molding Engineer II

Merit Medical Systems, Inc.

South Jordan, UT
1 week ago
Reliability Engineer
Reliability Engineer

Linde

Magna, UT
1 week ago
Principal/Sr. Principal Energetics MFG Engineer – Level 3 or Level 4
Principal/Sr. Principal Energetics MFG Engineer – Level 3 or Level 4

Northrop Grumman

Magna, UT
4 weeks ago
Global Manufacturing Technology Leader - Healthcare Solutions
Global Manufacturing Technology Leader - Healthcare Solutions

DuPont

Sandy, UT
5 days ago
ZEV Technologies Mechanical Engineer
ZEV Technologies Mechanical Engineer

SilencerCo

Riverton, UT
4 weeks ago
MCS Device Engineer
MCS Device Engineer

University of Utah Health

Salt Lake City Metropolitan Area
2 weeks ago
Mechanical Engineer III
Mechanical Engineer III

NOV

Provo, UT
2 weeks ago
Plant Engineer
Plant Engineer

Linde

Magna, UT
3 days ago
Propulsion Engineer
Propulsion Engineer

Teal Drones

Salt Lake City, UT
1 month ago
Similar Searches
Process Integration Engineer jobs
6,502 open jobs
Manufacturing Engineer jobs
44,868 open jobs
Engineer jobs
555,845 open jobs
Yield Engineer jobs
9,445 open jobs
Senior Device Engineer jobs
2,180 open jobs
Staff Process Engineer jobs
2,086 open jobs
Process Development Engineer jobs
27,633 open jobs
Semiconductor Engineer jobs
7,042 open jobs
Senior Equipment Engineer jobs
3,801 open jobs
Field Quality Engineer jobs
8,037 open jobs
Quality And Reliability Engineer jobs
8,919 open jobs
Device Engineer jobs
11,505 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Texas Instruments
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.